0
Let us never know what old age is. Let us know the happiness time brings, not count the years. - Ausonius
A birthday is just another day where you go to work and people give you love. Age is just a state of mind, and you are as old as you think you are. You have to count your blessings and be happy. - Abhishek Bachchan
Age is something that doesn't matter, unless you are a cheese. - Luis Bunuel
Those who improve with age embrace the power of personal growth and personal achievement and begin to replace youth with wisdom, innocence with understanding, and lack of purpose with self-actualization. - Bo Bennett
Age is an issue of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it doesn't matter. - Mark Twain
Age is a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it don't matter. - Satchel Paige
Our Age of Anxiety is, in great part, the result of trying to do today's job with yesterday's tools and yesterday's concepts. - Marshall McLuhan
Why do people talk of the horrors of old age? It's great. I feel like a fine old car with the parts gradually wearing out, but I'm not complaining,... Those who find growing old terrible are people who haven't done what they wanted with their lives. - Martha Gellhorn
I think the biggest disease the world suffers from in this day and age is the disease of people feeling unloved. I know that I can give love for a minute, for half an hour, for a day, for a month, but I can give. I am very happy to do that, I want to do that. - Princess Diana
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. - Robert Frost
There is a plan and a purpose, a value to every life, no matter what its location, age, gender or disability. - Sharron Angle
In my youth I stressed freedom, and in my old age I stress order. I have made the great discovery that liberty is a product of order. - Will Durant
Reading, after a certain age, diverts the mind too much from its creative pursuits. Any man who reads too much and uses his own brain too little falls into lazy habits of thinking. - Albert Einstein
In every country and every age, the priest had been hostile to Liberty. - Thomas Jefferson
A man does not die of love or his liver or even of old age; he dies of being a man. - Miguel de Unamuno
Do not go gentle into that good night but rage, rage against the dying of the light. - Dylan Thomas
Old minds are like old horses; you must exercise them if you wish to keep them in working order. - John Adams
The secret of staying young is to live honestly, eat slowly, and lie about your age. - Lucille Ball
Instead of being presented with stereotypes by age, sex, color, class, or religion, children must have the opportunity to learn that within each range, some people are loathsome and some are delightful. - Margaret Mead
For me at age 11, I had a pair of binoculars and looked up to the moon, and the moon wasn't just bigger, it was better. There were mountains and valleys and craters and shadows. And it came alive. - Neil deGrasse Tyson
When one knows at an early age that their gift, talent and direction is musical, one tends to focus on that and let nothing interfere or impede the forward motion toward the end of that rainbow. And after 50-something years of rockin' out, you still realise there is no end to that distant rainbow until one's last sunset. - Randy Bachman
Old age is not a disease - it is strength and survivorship, triumph over all kinds of vicissitudes and disappointments, trials and illnesses. - Maggie Kuhn
Age is whatever you think it is. You are as old as you think you are. - Muhammad Ali
From a generation that came of age during the Great Depression, millions of our country's best and bravest took up arms in a worldwide struggle against tyranny. - Steve Buyer
There is a fountain of youth: it is your mind, your talents, the creativity you bring to your life and the lives of people you love. When you learn to tap this source, you will truly have defeated age. - Sophia Loren
Age appears to be best in four things; old wood best to burn, old wine to drink, old friends to trust, and old authors to read. - Francis Bacon

1
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light. - Helen Keller
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone. - Orson Welles
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone. - Audrey Hepburn
Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another. - Thomas Merton
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not: nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not: the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. - Calvin Coolidge
It is far better to be alone, than to be in bad company. - George Washington
Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone. - Anthony Burgess
The time you feel lonely is the time you most need to be by yourself. - Douglas Coupland
I'm learning a lot about myself being alone, and doing what I'm doing. - Chantal Kreviazuk
No phone. No pool. No pets. No cigarettes. Ultimate freedom... No longer to be poisoned by civilization, he flees, and walks alone upon the land to become Lost in the Wild. - Christopher McCandless
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. - Swami Vivekananda
Loneliness expresses the pain of being alone and solitude expresses the glory of being alone. - Paul Tillich
Time and space - time to be alone, space to move about - these may well become the great scarcities of tomorrow. - Edwin Way Teale
I used to think that the worst thing in life was to end up alone. It's not. The worst thing in life is to end up with people who make you feel alone. - Robin Williams
I restore myself when I'm alone. - Marilyn Monroe
Alone we can do so little; together we can do so much. - Helen Keller
Don't go away. I don't want to be alone. I can't stand being alone. - Arnold Rothstein
Look at the sky. We are not alone. The whole universe is friendly to us and conspires only to give the best to those who dream and work. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Loneliness adds beauty to life. It puts a special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better. - Henry Rollins
Being alone & actually sitting with our own thoughts can lead to such growth and realizations that are rare in our everyday busy lives. - Kourtney Kardashian
Within the soul of America is freedom of mind and spirit in man. Here alone are the open windows through which pours the sunlight of the human spirit. Here alone is human dignity not a dream but an accomplishment. Perhaps it is not perfect, but it is more full in realization here than any other place in the world. - Herbert Hoover
Through faith in the Lord Jesus alone can we obtain forgiveness of our sins, and be at peace with God; but, believing in Jesus, we become, through this very faith, the children of God; have God as our Father, and may come to Him for all the temporal and spiritual blessings which we need. - George Muller
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality. - Yoko Ono
What a lovely surprise to finally discover how unlonely being alone can be. - Ellen Burstyn
Every man must do two things alone; he must do his own believing and his own dying. - Martin Luther
When everything is lonely I can be my best friend. - Conor Oberst

2
Christmas is the perfect time to celebrate the love of God and family and to create memories that will last forever. Jesus is God's perfect, indescribable gift. The amazing thing is that not only are we able to receive this gift, but we are able to share it with others on Christmas and every other day of the year. - Joel Osteen
When you have confidence, you can have a lot of fun. And when you have fun, you can do amazing things. - Joe Namath
God has blessed me with an amazing family, friends and work colleagues that have been my joy, my support, and my sanity. I don't know what I'd do without them. - Josie Loren
Work hard, be kind, and amazing things will happen. - Conan O'Brien
If you tell people where to go, but not how to get there, you'll be amazed at the results. - George S. Patton
I thank you God for this most amazing day, for the leaping greenly spirits of trees, and for the blue dream of sky and for everything which is natural, which is infinite, which is yes. - e. e. cummings
I have short goals - to get better every day, to help my teammates every day - but my only ultimate goal is to win an NBA championship. It's all that matters. I dream about it. I dream about it all the time, how it would look, how it would feel. It would be so amazing. - LeBron James
That's the amazing thing about music: there's a song for every emotion. Can you imagine a world with no music? It would suck. - Harry Styles
The PC has improved the world in just about every area you can think of. Amazing developments in communications, collaboration and efficiencies. New kinds of entertainment and social media. Access to information and the ability to give a voice people who would never have been heard. - Bill Gates
May your trails be crooked, winding, lonesome, dangerous, leading to the most amazing view. May your mountains rise into and above the clouds. - Edward Abbey
For me, seeing the progression of video games and consoles - whether it be PlayStation, Xbox, or whatever - I think just seeing how good they've gotten from the days when I first started playing is just amazing. - Justin Verlander
I think that when you are a teenager, it's the smartest you will ever be in your life. Teenagers are so resilient and strong, it's just amazing. - James St. James
I was given such a great gift. It's a miracle that never stops amazing me and reminding me to give thanks, every day. Having a wife and daughter gives me a lot more purpose. I was much more selfish before, but now I think about what kind of role model I'll be. I just want to be a better man. - Jake Owen
With 'The Host,' I think the actors could be really big names. That would be cool. I'd love to see Robert Redford put on a beard and be Jeb; he would be amazing... Matt Damon has some very Jared-esque qualities, and then Casey Affleck as Ian and Ben Affleck as Kyle. Imagine the interplay. - Stephenie Meyer
I've had to calm down, I have a kid! It is amazing. It's the best thing ever. Nothing better than it. - Kevin Pietersen
I can completely lose myself into just absolutely satisfying things - a really amazing cheeseburger, a pizza, good fries, a beer. I enjoy being comfortable and eating whatever the hell I like. It's a big thing for me, just having the freedom to be able to do that. - Channing Tatum
There are amazingly wonderful people in all walks of life; some familiar to us and others not. Stretch yourself and really get to know people. People are in many ways one of our greatest treasures. - Bryant H. McGill
Being a teenager is an amazing time and a hard time. It's when you make your best friends - I have girls who will never leave my heart and I still talk to. You get the best and the worst as a teen. You have the best friendships and the worst heartbreaks. - Sophia Bush
Growing up in New York has influenced my style so much, and I have an amazing relationship with my stylist, Estee Stanley. We have so much fun with the whole process. She picks out dresses, I try things on and play dress up, and we get creative to see what works. - Lea Michele
Pat Phoenix kept that amazing sassy look. I always wonder, was that because she was thrilled with that look, and thought it looked marvellous, or was it because she was too scared to change it? It's a double thing. Security and insecurity. - Celia Imrie
The truth sets you free. It's a very liberating thing, when you say this is who I am warts and all and then you can just get on with life. It's amazing. - Geri Halliwell
It is amazing how nice people are to you when they know you're going away. - Michael Arlen
People must feel that the natural world is important and valuable and beautiful and wonderful and an amazement and a pleasure. - David Attenborough
The sky in Texas is the most amazing sky in the whole country, I think, like you can see more sky in Texas than you can see anywhere else in the world. - Idina Menzel
France, and the whole of Europe have a great culture and an amazing history. Most important thing though is that people there know how to live! In America they've forgotten all about it. I'm afraid that the American culture is a disaster. - Johnny Depp
In football you always get judged on your last game. Whoever you are, or how amazing you are, it's the last game that everyone has seen. - Thierry Henry

3
Did I offer peace today? Did I bring a smile to someone's face? Did I say words of healing? Did I let go of my anger and resentment? Did I forgive? Did I love? These are the real questions. I must trust that the little bit of love that I sow now will bear many fruits, here in this world and the life to come. - Henri Nouwen
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The voice of the intelligence is drowned out by the roar of fear. It is ignored by the voice of desire. It is contradicted by the voice of shame. It is biased by hate and extinguished by anger. Most of all it is silenced by ignorance. - Karl A. Menninger
Every day we have plenty of opportunities to get angry, stressed or offended. But what you're doing when you indulge these negative emotions is giving something outside yourself power over your happiness. You can choose to not let little things upset you. - Joel Osteen
Some days, 24 hours is too much to stay put in, so I take the day hour by hour, moment by moment. I break the task, the challenge, the fear into small, bite-size pieces. I can handle a piece of fear, depression, anger, pain, sadness, loneliness, illness. I actually put my hands up to my face, one next to each eye, like blinders on a horse. - Regina Brett
You will not be punished for your anger, you will be punished by your anger. - Buddha
Too much self-centered attitude, you see, brings, you see, isolation. Result: loneliness, fear, anger. The extreme self-centered attitude is the source of suffering. - Dalai Lama
Red is such an interesting color to correlate with emotion, because it's on both ends of the spectrum. On one end you have happiness, falling in love, infatuation with someone, passion, all that. On the other end, you've got obsession, jealousy, danger, fear, anger and frustration. - Taylor Swift
Anger is the enemy of non-violence and pride is a monster that swallows it up. - Mahatma Gandhi
I shall allow no man to belittle my soul by making me hate him. - Booker T. Washington
When angry, count to four; when very angry, swear. - Mark Twain
I don't usually lose my temper, but if I get angry, it's true - I'm scary. - Eva Mendes
Anybody can become angry - that is easy, but to be angry with the right person and to the right degree and at the right time and for the right purpose, and in the right way - that is not within everybody's power and is not easy. - Aristotle
While seeking revenge, dig two graves - one for yourself. - Douglas Horton
The ignorant mind, with its infinite afflictions, passions, and evils, is rooted in the three poisons. Greed, anger, and delusion. - Bodhidharma
There's nothing wrong with anger provided you use it constructively. - Wayne Dyer
Anger cannot be dishonest. - Marcus Aurelius
Bitterness is like cancer. It eats upon the host. But anger is like fire. It burns it all clean. - Maya Angelou
People won't have time for you if you are always angry or complaining. - Stephen Hawking
Being told about the effects of climate change is an appeal to our reason and to our desire to bring about change. But to see that Africans are the hardest hit by climate change, even though they generate almost no greenhouse gas, is a glaring injustice, which also triggers anger and outrage over those who seek to ignore it. - Sigmar Gabriel
The poor monkey, quietly seated on the ground, seemed to be in sore trouble at this display of anger. - Henry Walter Bates
Let us not look back in anger, nor forward in fear, but around in awareness. - James Thurber
The fear really hits you. That's what you feel first. And then it's the anger and frustration. Part of the problem is how little we understand about the ultimate betrayal of the body when it rebels against itself. - Charles Bronson
Extremism thrives amid ignorance and anger, intimidation and cowardice. - Hillary Clinton
When I am angry I can pray well and preach well. - Martin Luther
Somebody hits me, I'm going to hit him back. Even if it does look like he hasn't eaten in a while. - Charles Barkley

4
There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage. - Martin Luther
A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance and tenacity. The order varies for any given year. - Paul Sweeney
The secret of a happy marriage is finding the right person. You know they're right if you love to be with them all the time. - Julia Child
Love is not weakness. It is strong. Only the sacrament of marriage can contain it. - Boris Pasternak
Marriage is an alliance entered into by a man who can't sleep with the window shut, and a woman who can't sleep with the window open. - George Bernard Shaw
Next month, I will celebrate my 30th anniversary of marriage with my beautiful bride, Vicki. Our marriage has been a blessing. I have gained even more respect for the institution over the past 3 decades and will defend it against attack. - Todd Tiahrt
Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship. - Marilyn Monroe
One should believe in marriage as in the immortality of the soul. - Honore de Balzac
Marriage is the most natural state of man, and... the state in which you will find solid happiness. - Benjamin Franklin
Under this window in stormy weather I marry this man and woman together; Let none but Him who rules the thunder Put this man and woman asunder. - Jonathan Swift
I've been in love with the same woman for forty-one years. If my wife finds out, she'll kill me. - Henny Youngman
That there's no more important decision in life than who you marry. - Brad Paisley
Marriage is a coming together for better or for worse, hopefully enduring, and intimate to the degree of being sacred. - William O. Douglas
A lot of good love can happen in ten years. - Jim Carrey
Each year on the anniversary of Martin Luther King Jr.'s birth, America has the opportunity to reflect on our nation's progress towards the realization of his dream. - Adam Schiff
Love grows more tremendously full, swift, poignant, as the years multiply. - Zane Grey
The only big things I've purchased are my dad's heart valve and a Rolls-Royce for my parents, for their anniversary. And that was only because my dad had a Lady Gaga license plate on our old car and it was making me crazy because he was getting followed everywhere, so I bought him a new car. - Lady Gaga
And currently, there are four to five new works in the pipeline for upcoming celebrations such as the Sydney 2000 Olympics, Australian Federation, my 50th Birthday, and Sydney Dance Company's 25th Anniversary. - Graeme Murphy
It is a matter of public shame that while we have now commemorated our hundredth anniversary, not one in every ten children attending Public schools throughout the colonies is acquainted with a single historical fact about Australia. - Henry Lawson
See, the 'On the Road' that came out in 1957 was censored. A lot of the honesty of it, the bitter honesty, is in the original scroll version that came out in 2007 on the 50-year anniversary. Back then, there was so much post-Second World War fear that was imposed on everybody - 'You must live life this way' - and these guys were bored. - Garrett Hedlund
My mother and father had a terrible marriage. They celebrated their wedding anniversary one year with their friends. Why did they celebrate? Maybe because they had lasted so many years without killing each other. - Marina Abramovic
Marriage is an act of will that signifies and involves a mutual gift, which unites the spouses and binds them to their eventual souls, with whom they make up a sole family - a domestic church. - Pope John Paul II
Chains do not hold a marriage together. It is threads, hundreds of tiny threads, which sew people together through the years. - Simone Signoret
May you live all the days of your life. - Jonathan Swift
I love my wife, she deserves anything and everything. - Aaron Spelling
The day before the anniversary of D-Day, we lost a man who was equaled by few and surpassed by none as a leader in the cause of freedom: Ronald Reagan. - Mac Thornberry

5
We shape our buildings; thereafter they shape us. - Winston Churchill
Architecture should speak of its time and place, but yearn for timelessness. - Frank Gehry
Whatever good things we build end up building us. - Jim Rohn
My passion and great enjoyment for architecture, and the reason the older I get the more I enjoy it, is because I believe we - architects - can effect the quality of life of the people. - Richard Rogers
It is not the beauty of a building you should look at; its the construction of the foundation that will stand the test of time. - David Allan Coe
I don't think that architecture is only about shelter, is only about a very simple enclosure. It should be able to excite you, to calm you, to make you think. - Zaha Hadid
Whenever we witness art in a building, we are aware of an energy contained by it. - Arthur Erickson
Form follows function. - Louis Sullivan
Fashion is architecture: it is a matter of proportions. - Coco Chanel
The ultimate goal of the architect...is to create a paradise. Every house, every product of architecture... should be a fruit of our endeavour to build an earthly paradise for people. - Alvar Aalto
Architecture is basically the design of interiors, the art of organizing interior space. - Philip Johnson
Liquid architecture. It's like jazz - you improvise, you work together, you play off each other, you make something, they make something. And I think it's a way of - for me, it's a way of trying to understand the city, and what might happen in the city. - Frank Gehry
Rationalism is the enemy of art, though necessary as a basis for architecture. - Arthur Erickson
Organic architecture seeks superior sense of use and a finer sense of comfort, expressed in organic simplicity. - Frank Lloyd Wright
Architecture belongs to culture, not to civilization. - Alvar Aalto
Great buildings that move the spirit have always been rare. In every case they are unique, poetic, products of the heart. - Arthur Erickson
Washington, D.C., has everything that Rome, Paris and London have in the way of great architecture - great power bases. Washington has obelisks and pyramids and underground tunnels and great art and a whole shadow world that we really don't see. - Dan Brown
Don't clap too hard - it's a very old building. - John Osborne
The dialogue between client and architect is about as intimate as any conversation you can have, because when you're talking about building a house, you're talking about dreams. - Robert A. M. Stern
Architecture begins where engineering ends. - Walter Gropius
Nothing requires the architect's care more than the due proportions of buildings. - Vitruvius
The Romans were not inventors of the supporting arch, but its extended use in vaults and intersecting barrel shapes and domes is theirs. - Harry Seidler
Architecture is inhabited sculpture. - Constantin Brancusi
Architecture is the will of an epoch translated into space. - Ludwig Mies van der Rohe
A man of eighty has outlived probably three new schools of painting, two of architecture and poetry and a hundred in dress. - Lord Byron
All real education is the architecture of the soul. - William Bennett

6
Next to the Word of God, the noble art of music is the greatest treasure in the world. - Martin Luther
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge. - Albert Einstein
The art of communication is the language of leadership. - James Humes
Motivation is the art of getting people to do what you want them to do because they want to do it. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. - Andy Warhol
The purpose of art is washing the dust of daily life off our souls. - Pablo Picasso
This world is but a canvas to our imagination. - Henry David Thoreau
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day. - John Wooden
Excellence is an art won by training and habituation. We do not act rightly because we have virtue or excellence, but we rather have those because we have acted rightly. We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit. - Aristotle
Art is not what you see, but what you make others see. - Edgar Degas
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Creativity is allowing yourself to make mistakes. Art is knowing which ones to keep. - Scott Adams
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures. - Henry Ward Beecher
Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday. - Don Marquis
Once an object has been incorporated in a picture it accepts a new destiny. - Georges Braque
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. - Sun Tzu
The art of healing comes from nature, not from the physician. Therefore the physician must start from nature, with an open mind. - Paracelsus
The artist is a receptacle for emotions that come from all over the place: from the sky, from the earth, from a scrap of paper, from a passing shape, from a spider's web. - Pablo Picasso
Simplicity is the final achievement. After one has played a vast quantity of notes and more notes, it is simplicity that emerges as the crowning reward of art. - Frederic Chopin
The true work of art is but a shadow of the divine perfection. - Michelangelo
Creative without strategy is called 'art.' Creative with strategy is called 'advertising.' - Jef I. Richards
The art and science of asking questions is the source of all knowledge. - Thomas Berger
Feelings aroused by the touch of someone's hand, the sound of music, the smell of a flower, a beautiful sunset, a work of art, love, laughter, hope and faith - all work on both the unconscious and the conscious aspects of the self, and they have physiological consequences as well. - Bernie Siegel
Personality is everything in art and poetry. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
Science fiction is any idea that occurs in the head and doesn't exist yet, but soon will, and will change everything for everybody, and nothing will ever be the same again. As soon as you have an idea that changes some small part of the world you are writing science fiction. It is always the art of the possible, never the impossible. - Ray Bradbury
Art, freedom and creativity will change society faster than politics. - Victor Pinchuk

7
Style is a reflection of your attitude and your personality. - Shawn Ashmore
I believe if you keep your faith, you keep your trust, you keep the right attitude, if you're grateful, you'll see God open up new doors. - Joel Osteen
Attitude is a little thing that makes a big difference. - Winston Churchill
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. - Maya Angelou
Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one. - Hans Selye
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results. - Wade Boggs
Weakness of attitude becomes weakness of character. - Albert Einstein
Your attitude, not your aptitude, will determine your altitude. - Zig Ziglar
Virtually nothing is impossible in this world if you just put your mind to it and maintain a positive attitude. - Lou Holtz
People may hear your words, but they feel your attitude. - John C. Maxwell
Nothing can stop the man with the right mental attitude from achieving his goal; nothing on earth can help the man with the wrong mental attitude. - Thomas Jefferson
If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges. - Pat Riley
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you. - Brian Tracy
Develop an attitude of gratitude, and give thanks for everything that happens to you, knowing that every step forward is a step toward achieving something bigger and better than your current situation. - Brian Tracy
A healthy attitude is contagious but don't wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier. - Tom Stoppard
Too much self-centered attitude, you see, brings, you see, isolation. Result: loneliness, fear, anger. The extreme self-centered attitude is the source of suffering. - Dalai Lama
Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you're going to live your life. - Joel Osteen
Excellence is not a skill, it's an attitude. - Ralph Marston
The only disability in life is a bad attitude. - Scott Hamilton
Happiness doesn't depend on any external conditions, it is governed by our mental attitude. - Dale Carnegie
I believe that a trusting attitude and a patient attitude go hand in hand. You see, when you let go and learn to trust God, it releases joy in your life. And when you trust God, you're able to be more patient. Patience is not just about waiting for something... it's about how you wait, or your attitude while waiting. - Joyce Meyer
Being sexy is all about attitude, not body type. It's a state of mind. - Amisha Patel
The greatest day in your life and mine is when we take total responsibility for our attitudes. That's the day we truly grow up. - John C. Maxwell
You can do everything you can to try to stop bad things from happening to you, but eventually things will happen, so the best prevention is a positive attitude. - Marie Osmond
We awaken in others the same attitude of mind we hold toward them. - Elbert Hubbard
So long as you've got your friends about you, and a good positive attitude, you don't really have to care what everyone else thinks. - Gail Porter

8
Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out. - Jenn Proske
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides. - Audrey Hepburn
Think of all the beauty still left around you and be happy. - Anne Frank
Beauty is when you can appreciate yourself. When you love yourself, that's when you're most beautiful. - Zoe Kravitz
Everything has beauty, but not everyone sees it. - Confucius
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring. - Marilyn Monroe
The beauty of a woman is not in a facial mode but the true beauty in a woman is reflected in her soul. It is the caring that she lovingly gives the passion that she shows. The beauty of a woman grows with the passing years. - Audrey Hepburn
Peace is the beauty of life. It is sunshine. It is the smile of a child, the love of a mother, the joy of a father, the togetherness of a family. It is the advancement of man, the victory of a just cause, the triumph of truth. - Menachem Begin
When I admire the wonders of a sunset or the beauty of the moon, my soul expands in the worship of the creator. - Mahatma Gandhi
Beauty is power; a smile is its sword. - John Ray
Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams. - Ashley Smith
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul. - John Muir
We live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm and adventure. There is no end to the adventures that we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open. - Jawaharlal Nehru
Love of beauty is taste. The creation of beauty is art. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The more often we see the things around us - even the beautiful and wonderful things - the more they become invisible to us. That is why we often take for granted the beauty of this world: the flowers, the trees, the birds, the clouds - even those we love. Because we see things so often, we see them less and less. - Joseph B. Wirthlin
Do you know the difference between a beautiful woman and a charming one? A beauty is a woman you notice, a charmer is one who notices you. - Adlai E. Stevenson
The beauty of a woman is not in the clothes she wears, the figure that she carries or the way she combs her hair. - Audrey Hepburn
A woman whose smile is open and whose expression is glad has a kind of beauty no matter what she wears. - Anne Roiphe
Let the beauty of what you love be what you do. - Rumi
Beauty surrounds us, but usually we need to be walking in a garden to know it. - Rumi
Our task must be to free ourselves by widening our circle of compassion to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature and its beauty. - Albert Einstein
It is not the beauty of a building you should look at; its the construction of the foundation that will stand the test of time. - David Allan Coe
Loneliness adds beauty to life. It puts a special burn on sunsets and makes night air smell better. - Henry Rollins
I don't think of all the misery but of the beauty that still remains. - Anne Frank
People are like stained - glass windows. They sparkle and shine when the sun is out, but when the darkness sets in, their true beauty is revealed only if there is a light from within. - Elisabeth Kubler-Ross

9
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. - Og Mandino
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. - Helen Keller
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best. - St. Jerome
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success. - Joyce Brothers
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. - Benjamin Franklin
Ultimately, leadership is not about glorious crowning acts. It's about keeping your team focused on a goal and motivated to do their best to achieve it, especially when the stakes are high and the consequences really matter. It is about laying the groundwork for others' success, and then standing back and letting them shine. - Chris Hadfield
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other. - Audrey Hepburn
The best way to find yourself is to lose yourself in the service of others. - Mahatma Gandhi
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. - Buddha
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me. - Henry Ford
My life motto is 'Do my best, so that I can't blame myself for anything.' - Magdalena Neuner
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It's the best part of the day. - George Allen, Sr.
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand. - Vince Lombardi
Technology can be our best friend, and technology can also be the biggest party pooper of our lives. It interrupts our own story, interrupts our ability to have a thought or a daydream, to imagine something wonderful, because we're too busy bridging the walk from the cafeteria back to the office on the cell phone. - Steven Spielberg
Nobody can predict the future. You just have to give your all to the relationship you're in and do your best to take care of your partner, communicate and give them every last drop of love you have. I think one of the most important things in a relationship is caring for your significant other through good times and bad. - Nick Cannon
At the end of the day, life is about being happy being who you are, and I feel like we are so blessed to have the support system and the best family to really just support each other no matter what we're going through. - Kim Kardashian
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. - Andy Warhol
A satisfied customer is the best business strategy of all. - Michael LeBoeuf
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it. - Richard Bach
I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best. - Walt Whitman
All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you. - Walt Disney
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them. - Ernest Hemingway
Things are never quite as scary when you've got a best friend. - Bill Watterson
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter. - Winston Churchill

10
Any time women come together with a collective intention, it's a powerful thing. Whether it's sitting down making a quilt, in a kitchen preparing a meal, in a club reading the same book, or around the table playing cards, or planning a birthday party, when women come together with a collective intention, magic happens. - Phylicia Rashad
Today you are you! That is truer than true! There is no one alive who is you-er than you! - Dr. Seuss
Let us never know what old age is. Let us know the happiness time brings, not count the years. - Ausonius
There are two great days in a person's life - the day we are born and the day we discover why. - William Barclay
The more you praise and celebrate your life, the more there is in life to celebrate. - Oprah Winfrey
You don't get older, you get better. - Shirley Bassey
A birthday is just another day where you go to work and people give you love. Age is just a state of mind, and you are as old as you think you are. You have to count your blessings and be happy. - Abhishek Bachchan
The greatest gift that you can give to others is the gift of unconditional love and acceptance. - Brian Tracy
Cakes are special. Every birthday, every celebration ends with something sweet, a cake, and people remember. It's all about the memories. - Buddy Valastro
Don't just count your years, make your years count. - George Meredith
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well. - Voltaire
How old would you be if you didn't know how old you are? - Satchel Paige
Age is a case of mind over matter. If you don't mind, it don't matter. - Satchel Paige
You take away all the other luxuries in life, and if you can make someone smile and laugh, you have given the most special gift: happiness. - Brad Garrett
The greatest gifts you can give your children are the roots of responsibility and the wings of independence. - Denis Waitley
It takes a long time to become young. - Pablo Picasso
A diplomat is a man who always remembers a woman's birthday but never remembers her age. - Robert Frost
You know you're getting old when the candles cost more than the cake. - Bob Hope
All the world is birthday cake, so take a piece, but not too much. - George Harrison
Every year on your birthday, you get a chance to start new. - Sammy Hagar
The way I see it, you should live everyday like its your birthday. - Paris Hilton
Let us celebrate the occasion with wine and sweet words. - Plautus
Love the giver more than the gift. - Brigham Young
I can sing 'Happy Birthday' to you in twelve different places, but one of them is going to make you feel a certain thing, maybe it's a vulnerability, maybe an innocence, maybe another way is sexy and soulful or bluesy whatever it is, but with singers, exploring keys, I think, is important. - Idina Menzel
The great thing about getting older is that you don't lose all the other ages you've been. - Madeleine L'Engle
Anybody can have a birthday. It requires nothing. Murderers have birthdays. It's the opposite of anything that I believe in. And I don't like at work where you stop everything to sing 'Happy Birthday' to someone. I feel like that's for children. - Mindy Kaling

11
Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. - Albert Einstein
The time is always right to do what is right. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand. - Confucius
As a single footstep will not make a path on the earth, so a single thought will not make a pathway in the mind. To make a deep physical path, we walk again and again. To make a deep mental path, we must think over and over the kind of thoughts we wish to dominate our lives. - Henry David Thoreau
Nobody cares how much you know, until they know how much you care. - Theodore Roosevelt
We make a living by what we get, but we make a life by what we give. - Winston Churchill
To every action there is always opposed an equal reaction. - Isaac Newton
Prosperity tries the fortunate, adversity the great. - Rose Kennedy
Quality is never an accident. It is always the result of intelligent effort. - John Ruskin
Simplicity is the ultimate sophistication. - Leonardo da Vinci
The final forming of a person's character lies in their own hands. - Anne Frank
It's not that I'm so smart, it's just that I stay with problems longer. - Albert Einstein
The actions of men are the best interpreters of their thoughts. - James Joyce
If you do what you've always done, you'll get what you've always gotten. - Tony Robbins
Lend yourself to others, but give yourself to yourself. - Michel de Montaigne
I hear, I know. I see, I remember. I do, I understand. - Confucius
At times I think and at times I am. - Paul Valery
To be is to do. - Immanuel Kant
The more refined and subtle our minds, the more vulnerable they are. - Paul Tournier
The mind is like an iceberg, it floats with one-seventh of its bulk above water. - Sigmund Freud
It isn't the mountain ahead that wears you out; it's the grain of sand in your shoe. - Robert W. Service
There are things known and there are things unknown, and in between are the doors of perception. - Aldous Huxley
United we stand, divided we fall. - Aesop
The very essence of instinct is that it's followed independently of reason. - Charles Darwin
What do you hang on the walls of your mind? - Eve Arnold
Whoever undertakes to set himself up as a judge of Truth and Knowledge is shipwrecked by the laughter of the gods. - Albert Einstein

12
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. - Colin Powell
Great things in business are never done by one person. They're done by a team of people. - Steve Jobs
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. - Mark Twain
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. - Andy Warhol
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death. - Leonardo da Vinci
A satisfied customer is the best business strategy of all. - Michael LeBoeuf
Information technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven. I don't think anybody can talk meaningfully about one without the talking about the other. - Bill Gates
There is always space for improvement, no matter how long you've been in the business. - Oscar De La Hoya
The superior man understands what is right; the inferior man understands what will sell. - Confucius
No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution. - Niccolo Machiavelli
I believe that the rights of women and girls is the unfinished business of the 21st century. - Hillary Clinton
Before you can become a millionaire, you must learn to think like one. You must learn how to motivate yourself to counter fear with courage. Making critical decisions about your career, business, investments and other resources conjures up fear, fear that is part of the process of becoming a financial success. - Thomas J. Stanley
In the business world, the rearview mirror is always clearer than the windshield. - Warren Buffett
We're all working together; that's the secret. - Sam Walton
Do what you love to do and give it your very best. Whether it's business or baseball, or the theater, or any field. If you don't love what you're doing and you can't give it your best, get out of it. Life is too short. You'll be an old man before you know it. - Al Lopez
I think that in any group activity - whether it be business, sports, or family - there has to be leadership or it won't be successful. - John Wooden
Business has only two functions - marketing and innovation. - Milan Kundera
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency. - Bill Gates
Ideas pull the trigger, but instinct loads the gun. - Don Marquis
If people like you, they'll listen to you, but if they trust you, they'll do business with you. - Zig Ziglar
Investing in management means building communication systems, business processes, feedback, and routines that let you scale the business and team as efficiently as possible. - Fred Wilson
A brand for a company is like a reputation for a person. You earn reputation by trying to do hard things well. - Jeff Bezos
My philosophy is it's none of my business what people say of me and think of me. I am what I am, and I do what I do. I expect nothing and accept everything. And it makes life so much easier. - Anthony Hopkins
The more moral the people are in their business dealings, the less paperwork you need, the more handshakes you can have, the more the wheels of capitalism work better because there's trust in the marketplace. Business ethics is not a joke. And, in fact, I think most businesses that I've dealt with encourage exactly that type of behavior. - Rick Santorum
Business underlies everything in our national life, including our spiritual life. Witness the fact that in the Lord's Prayer, the first petition is for daily bread. No one can worship God or love his neighbor on an empty stomach. - Woodrow Wilson
Life is an exciting business, and most exciting when it is lived for others. - Helen Keller

13
There's three things men always talk about - women, sports, and cars. - Mario Lopez
It's a never ending battle of making your cars better and also trying to be better yourself. - Dale Earnhardt
Why do people talk of the horrors of old age? It's great. I feel like a fine old car with the parts gradually wearing out, but I'm not complaining,... Those who find growing old terrible are people who haven't done what they wanted with their lives. - Martha Gellhorn
Life is a gamble. You can get hurt, but people die in plane crashes, lose their arms and legs in car accidents; people die every day. Same with fighters: some die, some get hurt, some go on. You just don't let yourself believe it will happen to you. - Muhammad Ali
We need to steer clear of this poverty of ambition, where people want to drive fancy cars and wear nice clothes and live in nice apartments but don't want to work hard to accomplish these things. Everyone should try to realize their full potential. - Barack Obama
A muscle is like a car. If you want it to run well early in the morning, you have to warm it up. - Florence Griffith Joyner
When walking, you see things that you miss in a motor car or on the train. You give your mind space to ponder. - Tom Hodgkinson
I always check my harness before I do a stunt; I test-drive the cars I have to race or explode; I'm present at all pyrotechnical rehearsals; and I walk through everything step-by-step. No man should put their life in someone else's hands unless they have covered their own safety from all angles. - Akshay Kumar
I love everything from old-school cars to whatever the latest muscle or luxury vehicles are. - Ludacris
The best car safety device is a rear-view mirror with a cop in it. - Dudley Moore
My wife wants sex in the back of the car and she wants me to drive. - Rodney Dangerfield
A lot of people think Formula One isn't a sport because everyone drives a car when they go to work in the morning. But we're pulling up to six G on a corner or during breaking, which is almost like being a fighter pilot. So we have to do a lot of work on our neck muscles. - Jenson Button
Tesla is here to stay and keep fighting for the electric car revolution. - Elon Musk
My very best friend died in a car accident when I was 16 years old. That was the hardest blow emotionally that I have ever had to endure. Suddenly, you realize tomorrow might not come. Now I live by the motto, 'Today is what I have.' - Amber Heard
I'm a crazy car guy. I've got an airplane hangar full of cars. - Paul Walker
If all the cars in the United States were placed end to end, it would probably be Labor Day Weekend. - Doug Larson
I keep my weight low, although you need to be able to move your weight around the race car to change the balance. I'm 6ft and I'm 70kg so I haven't much fat on me. - Jenson Button
The Germans are clear about what they do - cars and machine tools; the Japanese are clear about what they do - electronics; the Chinese are clear about what they do - they're the workshop of the world. - Evan Davis
Relationships, like cars, should undergo regular services to make sure they are still roadworthy. - Zygmunt Bauman
Some day you will be wheeled in for a heart bypass operation, and a surgeon will be the person who is now behind the counter when you renew your car registration at the department of motor vehicles. - P. J. O'Rourke
Now that I'm a grandfather myself, I realize that the best thing about having grandkids is that you get the kid for the best part of the ride - kind of like owning a car for only the first 10,000 miles. You can have your grandchildren for a couple of days and then turn them back over to the parents. - Willard Scott
If a neighbor is killed in a car accident, do you sell your car and stop driving? - Mario Andretti
Societies need rules that make no sense for individuals. For example, it makes no difference whether a single car drives on the left or on the right. But it makes all the difference when there are many cars! - Marvin Minsky
I was quiet, a loner. I was one of those children where, if you put me in a room and gave me some crayons and a pencils, you wouldn't hear from me for nine straight hours. And I was always drawing racing cars and rockets and spaceships and planes, things that were very fast that would take me away. - Gary Oldman
When you are fitted in a racing car and you race to win, second or third place is not enough. - Ayrton Senna
I admit to wasting my life messing around with fast cars and motorcycles. - Brock Yates

14
Growth is never by mere chance; it is the result of forces working together. - James Cash Penney
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence. - Abigail Adams
The biggest risk is not taking any risk... In a world that changing really quickly, the only strategy that is guaranteed to fail is not taking risks. - Mark Zuckerberg
Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave. - Mary Tyler Moore
If you are not willing to risk the unusual, you will have to settle for the ordinary. - Jim Rohn
My mom didn't let me play video games growing up, so now I do. Gaming gives me a chance to just let go, blow somebody up and fight somebody from another dimension. It's all escapism. - Wayne Brady
Forgiveness says you are given another chance to make a new beginning. - Desmond Tutu
Living at risk is jumping off the cliff and building your wings on the way down. - Ray Bradbury
I must learn to love the fool in me - the one who feels too much, talks too much, takes too many chances, wins sometimes and loses often, lacks self-control, loves and hates, hurts and gets hurt, promises and breaks promises, laughs and cries. - Theodore Isaac Rubin
I will prepare and some day my chance will come. - Abraham Lincoln
My sole ambition is to rid Mexico of the class that has oppressed her and given the people a chance to know what real liberty means. And if I could bring that about today by giving up my life, I would do it gladly. - Pancho Villa
Every year on your birthday, you get a chance to start new. - Sammy Hagar
If I had my way, if I was lucky enough, if I could be on the brink my entire life - that great sense of expectation and excitement without the disappointment - that would be the perfect state. - Cate Blanchett
Take risks. Ask big questions. Don't be afraid to make mistakes; if you don't make mistakes, you're not reaching far enough. - David Packard
When it comes to luck, you make your own. - Bruce Springsteen
Our lives improve only when we take chances - and the first and most difficult risk we can take is to be honest with ourselves. - Walter Anderson
A lie gets halfway around the world before the truth has a chance to get its pants on. - Winston Churchill
Desperation is like stealing from the Mafia: you stand a good chance of attracting the wrong attention. - Douglas Horton
Far and away the best prize that life has to offer is the chance to work hard at work worth doing. - Theodore Roosevelt
Every American deserves to live in freedom, to have his or her privacy respected and a chance to go as far as their ability and effort will take them - regardless of race, gender, ethnicity or economic circumstances. - Christopher Dodd
Buy the ticket, take the ride. - Hunter S. Thompson
I think we consider too much the good luck of the early bird and not enough the bad luck of the early worm. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
There are risks and costs to action. But they are far less than the long range risks of comfortable inaction. - John F. Kennedy
If you do not believe you can do it then you have no chance at all. - Arsene Wenger
Giving a 10-year mandatory minimum for a second offense fist fight is not going to reduce the chance that someone will be stabbed 16 times when you are not funding any of the programs that are desperately needed to actually reduce juvenile crime. - Bobby Scott
Everybody deserves a second chance in this world. That's basically all I ask. - Shannen Doherty

15
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. - Carol Burnett
Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world. - Malala Yousafzai
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. - Jimmy Dean
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. - Nelson Mandela
You must be the change you wish to see in the world. - Mahatma Gandhi
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. - Harriet Tubman
If you don't like something, change it. If you can't change it, change your attitude. - Maya Angelou
Change your thoughts and you change your world. - Norman Vincent Peale
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek. - Barack Obama
Without change there is no innovation, creativity, or incentive for improvement. Those who initiate change will have a better opportunity to manage the change that is inevitable. - William Pollard
To improve is to change; to be perfect is to change often. - Winston Churchill
Without a struggle, there can be no progress. - Frederick Douglass
Saving our planet, lifting people out of poverty, advancing economic growth... these are one and the same fight. We must connect the dots between climate change, water scarcity, energy shortages, global health, food security and women's empowerment. Solutions to one problem must be solutions for all. - Ban Ki-moon
Gratitude can transform common days into thanksgivings, turn routine jobs into joy, and change ordinary opportunities into blessings. - William Arthur Ward
No matter what people tell you, words and ideas can change the world. - Robin Williams
Progress is impossible without change, and those who cannot change their minds cannot change anything. - George Bernard Shaw
I see the world being slowly transformed into a wilderness; I hear the approaching thunder that, one day, will destroy us too. I feel the suffering of millions. And yet, when I look up at the sky, I somehow feel that everything will change for the better, that this cruelty too shall end, that peace and tranquility will return once more. - Anne Frank
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future. - John F. Kennedy
Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays. - Soren Kierkegaard
If there is no struggle, there is no progress. - Frederick Douglass
Change is the end result of all true learning. - Leo Buscaglia
You cannot control what happens to you, but you can control your attitude toward what happens to you, and in that, you will be mastering change rather than allowing it to master you. - Brian Tracy
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails. - William Arthur Ward
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has. - Margaret Mead
Vision without action is merely a dream. Action without vision just passes the time. Vision with action can change the world. - Joel A. Barker
We have to be bold in our national ambitions. First, we must win the fight against poverty within the next decade. Second, we must improve moral standards in government and society to provide a strong foundation for good governance. Third, we must change the character of our politics to promote fertile ground for reforms. - Gloria Macapagal Arroyo

16
Christmas is the perfect time to celebrate the love of God and family and to create memories that will last forever. Jesus is God's perfect, indescribable gift. The amazing thing is that not only are we able to receive this gift, but we are able to share it with others on Christmas and every other day of the year. - Joel Osteen
And know that I am with you always; yes, to the end of time. - Jesus Christ
Christmas waves a magic wand over this world, and behold, everything is softer and more beautiful. - Norman Vincent Peale
Christmas isn't a season. It's a feeling. - Edna Ferber
He who has not Christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree. - Roy L. Smith
Christmas is the day that holds all time together. - Alexander Smith
Maybe Christmas, the Grinch thought, doesn't come from a store. - Dr. Seuss
Christmas is a season not only of rejoicing but of reflection. - Winston Churchill
Christmas, my child, is love in action. Every time we love, every time we give, it's Christmas. - Dale Evans
God never gives someone a gift they are not capable of receiving. If he gives us the gift of Christmas, it is because we all have the ability to understand and receive it. - Pope Francis
Christmas is not a time nor a season, but a state of mind. To cherish peace and goodwill, to be plenteous in mercy, is to have the real spirit of Christmas. - Calvin Coolidge
If you haven't got any charity in your heart, you have the worst kind of heart trouble. - Bob Hope
Christmas is the spirit of giving without a thought of getting. It is happiness because we see joy in people. It is forgetting self and finding time for others. It is discarding the meaningless and stressing the true values. - Thomas S. Monson
It's true, Christmas can feel like a lot of work, particularly for mothers. But when you look back on all the Christmases in your life, you'll find you've created family traditions and lasting memories. Those memories, good and bad, are really what help to keep a family together over the long haul. - Caroline Kennedy
Christmas... is not an external event at all, but a piece of one's home that one carries in one's heart. - Freya Stark
The two most joyous times of the year are Christmas morning and the end of school. - Alice Cooper
Christmas is joy, religious joy, an inner joy of light and peace. - Pope Francis
I will honor Christmas in my heart, and try to keep it all the year. - Charles Dickens
Don't let the past steal your present. This is the message of Christmas: We are never alone. - Taylor Caldwell
Now I'm an old Christmas tree, the roots of which have died. They just come along and while the little needles fall off me replace them with medallions. - Orson Welles
A lovely thing about Christmas is that it's compulsory, like a thunderstorm, and we all go through it together. - Garrison Keillor
Christmas in Bethlehem. The ancient dream: a cold, clear night made brilliant by a glorious star, the smell of incense, shepherds and wise men falling to their knees in adoration of the sweet baby, the incarnation of perfect love. - Lucinda Franks
Please to put a nickel, please to put a dime. How petitions trickle in at Christmas time! - Phyllis McGinley
Now, the essence, the very spirit of Christmas is that we first make believe a thing is so, and lo, it presently turns out to be so. - Stephen Leacock
My brothers and sisters, true love is a reflection of the Savior's love. In December of each year we call it the Christmas spirit. You can hear it. You can see it. You can feel it. - Thomas S. Monson
As dry leaves that before the wild hurricane fly, when they meet with an obstacle, mount to the sky. So up to the house-top the coursers they flew, with the sleigh full of toys, and St. Nicholas too. - Clement Clarke Moore

17
The art of communication is the language of leadership. - James Humes
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something. - Plato
We have two ears and one mouth so that we can listen twice as much as we speak. - Epictetus
Communication - the human connection - is the key to personal and career success. - Paul J. Meyer
The single biggest problem in communication is the illusion that it has taken place. - George Bernard Shaw
In my deepest, darkest moments, what really got me through was a prayer. Sometimes my prayer was 'Help me.' Sometimes a prayer was 'Thank you.' What I've discovered is that intimate connection and communication with my creator will always get me through because I know my support, my help, is just a prayer away. - Iyanla Vanzant
I think it's fair to say that personal computers have become the most empowering tool we've ever created. They're tools of communication, they're tools of creativity, and they can be shaped by their user. - Bill Gates
To effectively communicate, we must realize that we are all different in the way we perceive the world and use this understanding as a guide to our communication with others. - Tony Robbins
Social media websites are no longer performing an envisaged function of creating a positive communication link among friends, family and professionals. It is a veritable battleground, where insults fly from the human quiver, damaging lives, destroying self-esteem and a person's sense of self-worth. - Anthony Carmona
Words are singularly the most powerful force available to humanity. We can choose to use this force constructively with words of encouragement, or destructively using words of despair. Words have energy and power with the ability to help, to heal, to hinder, to hurt, to harm, to humiliate and to humble. - Yehuda Berg
Writing, to me, is simply thinking through my fingers. - Isaac Asimov
Of all of our inventions for mass communication, pictures still speak the most universally understood language. - Walt Disney
I think it's very important to have a feedback loop, where you're constantly thinking about what you've done and how you could be doing it better. I think that's the single best piece of advice: constantly think about how you could be doing things better and questioning yourself. - Elon Musk
The two words 'information' and 'communication' are often used interchangeably, but they signify quite different things. Information is giving out; communication is getting through. - Sydney J. Harris
Investing in management means building communication systems, business processes, feedback, and routines that let you scale the business and team as efficiently as possible. - Fred Wilson
Words - so innocent and powerless as they are, as standing in a dictionary, how potent for good and evil they become in the hands of one who knows how to combine them. - Nathaniel Hawthorne
The speed of communications is wondrous to behold. It is also true that speed can multiply the distribution of information that we know to be untrue. - Edward R. Murrow
Good communication is just as stimulating as black coffee, and just as hard to sleep after. - Anne Morrow Lindbergh
I have noticed that nothing I never said ever did me any harm. - Calvin Coolidge
The art of writing is the art of discovering what you believe. - Gustave Flaubert
Effective communication is 20% what you know and 80% how you feel about what you know. - Jim Rohn
In the world of words, the imagination is one of the forces of nature. - Wallace Stevens
The ABC's are attitude, behavior and communication skills. - Gerald Chertavian
The world is a complex place, and the influence of the media in its representation and its power of communication and interpretation is a remarkable amplifier of emotions, and of illusions. - Tariq Ramadan
The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't said. - Peter Drucker
We've seen over time that countries that have the best economic growth are those that have good governance, and good governance comes from freedom of communication. It comes from ending corruption. It comes from a populace that can go online and say, 'This politician is corrupt, this administrator, or this public official is corrupt.' - Ramez Naam

18
I think it's fair to say that personal computers have become the most empowering tool we've ever created. They're tools of communication, they're tools of creativity, and they can be shaped by their user. - Bill Gates
Man is still the most extraordinary computer of all. - John F. Kennedy
Computers themselves, and software yet to be developed, will revolutionize the way we learn. - Steve Jobs
I do not fear computers. I fear the lack of them. - Isaac Asimov
I regard the brain as a computer which will stop working when its components fail. There is no heaven or afterlife for broken down computers; that is a fairy story for people afraid of the dark. - Stephen Hawking
It's hardware that makes a machine fast. It's software that makes a fast machine slow. - Craig Bruce
Home computers are being called upon to perform many new functions, including the consumption of homework formerly eaten by the dog. - Doug Larson
One of the most feared expressions in modern times is 'The computer is down.' - Norman Ralph Augustine
Computer science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes. - Edsger Dijkstra
Anyway, all these computers and digital gadgets are no good. They just fill your head with numbers and that can't be good for you. - Prince
Your computer needn't be the first thing your see in the morning and the last thing you see at night. - Simon Mainwaring
Computers are like Old Testament gods; lots of rules and no mercy. - Joseph Campbell
The most compelling reason for most people to buy a computer for the home will be to link it to a nationwide communications network. We're just in the beginning stages of what will be a truly remarkable breakthrough for most people - as remarkable as the telephone. - Steve Jobs
Globalization, as defined by rich people like us, is a very nice thing... you are talking about the Internet, you are talking about cell phones, you are talking about computers. This doesn't affect two-thirds of the people of the world. - Jimmy Carter
I've been programming computers since elementary school, where they taught us, and I stuck with computer science through high school and college. - Masi Oka
You can involve yourself in electronics, computers, puzzles... there's a lot of creativity and brain working. There's a lot to model trains that people don't realize. - Gary Coleman
Before computers, telephone lines and television connect us, we all share the same air, the same oceans, the same mountains and rivers. We are all equally responsible for protecting them. - Julia Louis-Dreyfus
Beatbullying's 'The Big March 2012' is such a brilliant campaign and I am very proud to be a part of it. I have been a victim of cyber bullying myself and I know firsthand just how hurtful it can be. People think that they can hide behind computers and send nasty and hurtful comments to people, and this is wrong. - Katherine Jenkins
I realized that I loved using computers to create something, but being an architect just wasn't going to keep me interested. The idea of a life spent obsessing over bathroom details for an Upper East Side penthouse was pretty depressing. - Joseph Kosinski
It seems like everything that we see perceived in the brain before we actually use our own eyes, that everything we see is coming through computers or machines and then is being input in our brain cells. So that really worries me. - Hayao Miyazaki
From computers to information technology to airplanes, it has been America's unique blend of republican government and free-market capitalism that has allowed us to surpass all other nations in history. - George Nethercutt
All of a sudden, if you think about the entire ecosystem of connected devices that can pull down information, access content and allow me to share and work and communicate, the vast majority now are not Windows computers. They are iPhones. They are iPads. They are Android devices. - Aaron Levie
I know when I grew up, it was, if it was daylight outside, get outside. Well, now, with the technological age of computers and everything, everyone's inside virtually going everywhere they want to go, virtually having relationships, virtually traveling across the neighborhood, virtually going to that island. - Matthew McConaughey
Google has placed its faith in data, while Apple worships the power of design. This dichotomy made the two companies complementary. Apple would ship the phones and computers, while Google would provide Maps, Search, YouTube, and other web tools that made the devices more useful. - Ben Parr
Electromagnetic theory and experiment gave us the telephone, radio, TV, computers, and made the internal combustion engine practical - thus, the car and airplane, leading inevitably to the rocket and outer-space exploration. - Gregory Benford
Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. - Pablo Picasso

19
Being cool is being your own self, not doing something that someone else is telling you to do. - Vanessa Hudgens
Like a welcome summer rain, humor may suddenly cleanse and cool the earth, the air and you. - Langston Hughes
Nothing is cooler and more attractive than a big comeback, and that'll be me. - Steven Adler
The Internet is for haters. Everyone wants to knock somebody down, but it's cool. - Andy Cohen
It's cool to be different and just be who you are and shock people in a good way. - Brendon Urie
Is a hippopotamus a hippopotamus, or just a really cool Opotamus? - Mitch Hedberg
It's the same with visual arts, you have some really cool, wonderful striking images that make you think and then again you have wonderful striking images that just take you away from the existing world for a second. And I like the latter a bit more. - Ville Valo
I try to explain to people that the only way to be cool is to be who you truly are, and the only way to live life is to do the things that you want to do and be the person that you want to be no matter who that is or what that is or how you have to do it. That's the only way you can be genuinely happy. - Tucker Max
I'm cool with the way I look, I'm not an ugly dog, but I don't see myself as a stud or anything. - Seann William Scott
Keep a cool head and maintain a low profile. Never take the lead - but aim to do something big. - Deng Xiaoping
Manners are love in a cool climate. - Quentin Crisp
With 'The Host,' I think the actors could be really big names. That would be cool. I'd love to see Robert Redford put on a beard and be Jeb; he would be amazing... Matt Damon has some very Jared-esque qualities, and then Casey Affleck as Ian and Ben Affleck as Kyle. Imagine the interplay. - Stephenie Meyer
What I like about the 'Underworld' thing is that it's a mix of cool genres, as well as creating its own message. - Theo James
I'm not the kind of person who tries to be cool or trendy, I'm definitely an individual. - Leonardo DiCaprio
Saturday morning, you knew what was cool by what was on 'Soul Train.' - Nick Cannon
When the soul drifts uncertainly between life and the dream, between the mind's disorder and the return to cool reflection, it is in religious thought that we should seek consolation. - Gerard De Nerval
Vegetarians are cool. All I eat are vegetarians - except for the occasional mountain lion steak. - Ted Nugent
Sitting at the table during Color Purple and looking up and suddenly realizing I was acting in front of Steven Spielberg, was pretty cool. It was pretty good. - Whoopi Goldberg
I read the script for Wonder Boys, and I said that was almost perfect, it was so classy, cool and funny. It's a really specific thing. We stuck to it, it turned out good and a lot of people liked it. - Robert Downey, Jr.
There aren't many things that are universally cool, and it's cool not to litter. I'd never do it. - Matthew McConaughey
I used to be a cool chick but I'm not anymore. - Britney Spears
If the choice is between doing something supercool and having no one hear it and doing something equally cool and tricking people into putting it on the radio, I don't think the second option is some big sellout. - Julian Casablancas
If I wasn't even famous or had any success, I would still wake up and put tons of make-up on, and put on a cool outfit. That's always been who I've been my whole life, so that's never gonna change. I love fashion. I love getting dressed up. I love Halloween, too. - Gwen Stefani
When you think back to your first kiss, your hair is perfect and she was wearing a cool outfit. We remember it with restraint and we remember it with style. We remember it as idealistically as you can think. - Stephen Chbosky
I just really like fun, cool, interesting, quirky girls. And sometimes you find that in 6'2 model bodies and sometimes they're short and brunette. All shapes and sizes - it's really about the personality. That sounds cliche, but it's so freaking true! - Dylan O'Brien
I like the way Quentin Tarantino creates a scene using a series of close-ups or showing very cool images of a person or people walking on some ordinary street in slow motion. I wish I could achieve that kind of slow-motion effect in manga, but it's rather difficult to draw; the only things we can play with are tones of black and white. - Masashi Kishimoto

20
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. - Lao Tzu
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. - Walt Disney
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.' - Eleanor Roosevelt
Efforts and courage are not enough without purpose and direction. - John F. Kennedy
If you have no confidence in self, you are twice defeated in the race of life. - Marcus Garvey
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. - Muhammad Ali
Courage is what it takes to stand up and speak; courage is also what it takes to sit down and listen. - Winston Churchill
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. - Steve Jobs
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men. - Confucius
A grateful heart is a beginning of greatness. It is an expression of humility. It is a foundation for the development of such virtues as prayer, faith, courage, contentment, happiness, love, and well-being. - James E. Faust
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them. - Bruce Lee
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. - T. S. Eliot
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear. - Mark Twain
Goodness is about character - integrity, honesty, kindness, generosity, moral courage, and the like. More than anything else, it is about how we treat other people. - Dennis Prager
You may not always have a comfortable life and you will not always be able to solve all of the world's problems at once but don't ever underestimate the importance you can have because history has shown us that courage can be contagious and hope can take on a life of its own. - Michelle Obama
Before you can become a millionaire, you must learn to think like one. You must learn how to motivate yourself to counter fear with courage. Making critical decisions about your career, business, investments and other resources conjures up fear, fear that is part of the process of becoming a financial success. - Thomas J. Stanley
The greatest test of courage on earth is to bear defeat without losing heart. - Robert Green Ingersoll
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear. - Nelson Mandela
Take chances, make mistakes. That's how you grow. Pain nourishes your courage. You have to fail in order to practice being brave. - Mary Tyler Moore
Life is the most exciting opportunity we have. But we have one shot. You graduate from college once, and that's it. You're going out of that nest. And you have to find that courage that's deep, deep, deep in there. Every step of the way. - Andrew Shue
Have no fear of moving into the unknown. Simply step out fearlessly knowing that I am with you, therefore no harm can befall you; all is very, very well. Do this in complete faith and confidence. - Pope John Paul II
All you need is the plan, the road map, and the courage to press on to your destination. - Earl Nightingale
We don't develop courage by being happy every day. We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity. - Barbara De Angelis
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. - e. e. cummings
America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand. - Harry S Truman

21
A father is a man who expects his son to be as good a man as he meant to be. - Frank A. Clark
My father was my teacher. But most importantly he was a great dad. - Beau Bridges
Anyone can be a father, but it takes someone special to be a dad, and that's why I call you dad, because you are so special to me. You taught me the game and you taught me how to play it right. - Wade Boggs
One of the greatest titles in the world is parent, and one of the biggest blessings in the world is to have parents to call mom and dad. - Jim DeMint
I try to live my life like my father lives his. He always takes care of everyone else first. He won't even start eating until he's sure everyone else in the family has started eating. Another thing: My dad never judges me by whether I win or lose. - Ben Roethlisberger
I think there's nothing better than laughing in life, so that's nice, to be thought of as someone who can make someone laugh. It's 'cause I think life is hard. You know, my dad was a really silly man. A great Irish silly man. And that's fine. - Joan Cusack
When I started writing, I did have some idealised notion of my dad as a writer. But I have less and less of a literary rivalry with him as I've gone on. I certainly don't feel I need his approval, although maybe that's because I'm confident that I've got it. - Paul Theroux
I shaved my head when I was 14 - is that bad? I asked my dad's permission first. He said, 'You're gonna look like a boy.' And I said, 'OK'... then I did it anyway. All through high school, I had a shaved head and I'd dye it crazy colors - it was fun. - Brea Grant
My dad would go to work every day and write in a room full of funny people. He enjoyed it. I know great writers who find the process agonising but to me, writing has always been sheer joy. - Joss Whedon
My dad is a very quick-witted, sarcastic, dry, humorous guy, whereas my mom's very silly, and that side of the family is very musical. - Tim Heidecker
Fathers are biological necessities, but social accidents. - Margaret Mead
I hope I am remembered by my children as a good father. - Orson Scott Card
Humor is always based on a modicum of truth. Have you ever heard a joke about a father-in-law? - Dick Clark
My father was an Episcopalian minister, and I've always been comforted by the power of prayer. - Anna Lee
Growing up in Georgia, my dad was a farmer and we worked in agriculture, so we were always looking up at the sky, checking if rain was in the forecast. That always set the tone for the mood in my household, whether we had rain coming in or not - we knew the crops would be good and it was going to be a good week around the Bryan household. - Luke Bryan
Don't forget Mother's Day. Or as they call it in Beverly Hills, Dad's Third Wife Day. - Jay Leno
It was my 16th birthday - my mom and dad gave me my Goya classical guitar that day. I sat down, wrote this song, and I just knew that that was the only thing I could ever really do - write songs and sing them to people. - Stevie Nicks
Parents don't understand kids and kids don't understand parents. My parents were divorced when I was really young and I went to live with my dad. - Mark Hoppus
It was definitely a part of our life. I mean, my mom had both her brothers and her fiancee in Vietnam at the same time, so it wasn't just my dad's story, it was my mom's story too. And we definitely grew up listening to the stories. - Vanessa Kerry
My dad spent his whole life getting into fights for telling what he believed to be the truth. Basically it comes from my dad-and he's screaming right-wing, so there you are. - Thom Yorke
I forgive my mom for being a psycho and my dad for being a loser. - Nikki Sixx
You know my father as governor, as president, but I knew him as dad. I was so proud to have the Reagan name and to be Ronald Reagan's son. - Michael Reagan
I'm an ambassador for the Make-A-Wish Foundation, and one of the children, his wish was to go to the Emmys, so he's going to be my date, along with my husband, and my dad and his girlfriend. So we're going to have a really fun night and it's going to be really exciting. I'm really excited for him to experience that. - Christina Hendricks
I can't remember a major league game where I could make eye contact with my dad. I kept wondering if he was going to yell at me for hanging a pitch or something. - David Cone
I'm sure there were times when I wish I had thought, 'Gosh, that might really embarrass mom and dad,' but our parents didn't raise us to think about them. They're very selfless and they wanted us to have as normal of a college life as possible. So really, we didn't think of any repercussions. - Jenna Bush
It's a complex relationship when your dad happened to be president and you are president and then you have all the amateur psychology that goes on when people try to speculate about motivations. - Jeb Bush

22
I love a man with a great sense of humor and who is intelligent - a man who has a great smile. He has to make me laugh. I like a man who is very ambitious and driven and who has a good heart and makes me feel safe. I like a man who is very strong and independent and confident - that is very sexy - but at the same time, he's very kind to people. - Nicole Scherzinger
I hate being the heartbreaker. Hate it. If I date somebody and it doesn't work out, it's another nightmare for me. - John Mayer
My grandmother always used to wear this English perfume called Tuberose and then she died and then I dated this girl who wore the same thing. Every time I hung out with her, I could only think of my recently deceased grandmother. So sometimes a signature scent can be good and sometimes it can be bad. - Mark Ronson
The prospect of dating someone in her twenties becomes less appealing as you get older. At some point in your fife, your tolerance level goes down and you realize that, with someone much younger, there's nothing really to talk about. - Clint Eastwood
In my dreams, I could be a Princess, and that's what I was. Like most little girls, I believed nothing less than a Prince could make my dreams come true. - Loretta Young
Love is like a virus. It can happen to anybody at any time. - Maya Angelou
Dating is fun. It's light: There's courting; there's the interesting, exciting text messaging and flirting. There's no weight. When you start getting into relationships, you really start having to consider each other in your lives, and I think that's really important. - Denise Vasi
There's only two people in your life you should lie to... the police and your girlfriend. - Jack Nicholson
I need a life outside of soccer. So I very much welcome, you know, new love interests and dating and friends and family. - Hope Solo
We all prospect, and don't even know we're doing it. When you start the dating process, you are actually prospecting for the person you want to marry. When you're interviewing employees, you are prospecting for someone who will best fit your needs. - Zig Ziglar
If there hadn't been women we'd still be squatting in a cave eating raw meat, because we made civilization in order to impress our girlfriends. - Orson Welles
Women are like cars: we all want a Ferrari, sometimes want a pickup truck, and end up with a station wagon. - Tim Allen
However successful you are, there is no substitute for a close relationship. We all need them. - Francesca Annis
Kindness is really important to me in finding my own prince - so are patience and a sense of humor. Without those qualities he's no Prince Charming! - Anne Hathaway
The sea hath fish for every man. - William Camden
If your best friend has stolen your girlfriend, it does become life and death. - Ben Kingsley
Golf and dating don't mix. - Larry David
I enjoy dating. I love first dates. I think they're incredibly fascinating studies in human psychology. When you sit down across from someone on a first date and things are going alright, you talk objectives. We want to win each other over, so how do you win someone over? You have to put the best foot forward. - Chris Pine
A kiss that is never tasted, is forever and ever wasted. - Billie Holiday
No man should marry until he has studied anatomy and dissected at least one woman. - Honore de Balzac
I don't understand the whole dating thing. I know right off the bat if I'm interested in someone, and I don't want them to waste their money on me and take me out to eat if I know I'm not interested in that person. - Britney Spears
I prefer ordinary girls - you know, college students, waitresses, that sort of thing. Most of the girls I go out with are just good friends. Just because I go out to the cinema with a girl, it doesn't mean we are dating. - Leonardo DiCaprio
I don't have a girlfriend. But I do know a woman who'd be mad at me for saying that. - Mitch Hedberg
I've been on so many blind dates, I should get a free dog. - Wendy Liebman
When you really don't like a guy, they're all over you, and as soon as you act like you like them, they're no longer interested. - Beyonce Knowles
You know, the man of my dreams might walk round the corner tomorrow. I'm older and wiser and I think I'd make a great girlfriend. I live in the realm of romantic possibility. - Stevie Nicks

23
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live. - Norman Cousins
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death. - Leonardo da Vinci
Death is the solution to all problems. No man - no problem. - Joseph Stalin
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death. - Robert Fulghum
If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die. - Maya Angelou
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes. - Benjamin Franklin
The life of the dead is placed in the memory of the living. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely. - Buddha
For life and death are one, even as the river and the sea are one. - Khalil Gibran
Without health life is not life; it is only a state of langour and suffering - an image of death. - Buddha
Death is nothing, but to live defeated and inglorious is to die daily. - Napoleon Bonaparte
My fear was not of death itself, but a death without meaning. - Huey Newton
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time. - Mark Twain
Don't send me flowers when I'm dead. If you like me, send them while I'm alive. - Brian Clough
One death is a tragedy; one million is a statistic. - Joseph Stalin
Do the thing you fear most and the death of fear is certain. - Mark Twain
I love the name of honor, more than I fear death. - Julius Caesar
Courage is being scared to death... and saddling up anyway. - John Wayne
Absolute silence leads to sadness. It is the image of death. - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
As a well-spent day brings happy sleep, so a life well spent brings happy death. - Leonardo da Vinci
Our criminal justice system is fallible. We know it, even though we don't like to admit it. It is fallible despite the best efforts of most within it to do justice. And this fallibility is, at the end of the day, the most compelling, persuasive, and winning argument against a death penalty. - Eliot Spitzer
Yes, people pull the trigger - but guns are the instrument of death. Gun control is necessary, and delay means more death and horror. - Eliot Spitzer
I'm not in favor of the death penalty. But I'm in favor of locking these people away in maximum security units where they can never get out. They can never escape. They can never be paroled. Lock the bad ones away. But you gotta rethink everybody else. - John Grisham
Some people die at 25 and aren't buried until 75. - Benjamin Franklin
Pale Death beats equally at the poor man's gate and at the palaces of kings. - Horace
Even today we raise our hand against our brother... We have perfected our weapons, our conscience has fallen asleep, and we have sharpened our ideas to justify ourselves as if it were normal we continue to sow destruction, pain, death. Violence and war lead only to death. - Pope Francis

24
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. - Jim Rohn
Wellness is not a 'medical fix' but a way of living - a lifestyle sensitive and responsive to all the dimensions of body, mind, and spirit, an approach to life we each design to achieve our highest potential for well-being now and forever. - Greg Anderson
Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works. - Steve Jobs
Fashion fades, only style remains the same. - Coco Chanel
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. - Jim Rohn
Design is not making beauty, beauty emerges from selection, affinities, integration, love. - Louis Kahn
All conventional wisdom has an element of truth to it, but good design requires more than an element of truth - it requires an ensemble of correct assumptions and valid calculations. - Henry Petroski
Successful design is not the achievement of perfection but the minimization and accommodation of imperfection. - Henry Petroski
Fashion is architecture: it is a matter of proportions. - Coco Chanel
The details are not the details. They make the design. - Charles Eames
Architecture is basically the design of interiors, the art of organizing interior space. - Philip Johnson
Design is a plan for arranging elements in such a way as best to accomplish a particular purpose. - Charles Eames
Sustainability can't be like some sort of a moral sacrifice or political dilemma or a philanthropical cause. It has to be a design challenge. - Bjarke Ingels
Designs are increasingly winning competitions because they are literally green, and because somewhere they feature a small windmill. - Rem Koolhaas
Good design should be available to everyone - and I do mean everyone. What I spent on the wheelchair I'm in could buy a small Mercedes. It's not only unfair to me; it's unfair to someone who's indigent but has the same needs. My goal is to make all objects affordable. - Michael Graves
That's something I learned in art school. I studied graphic design in Germany, and my professor emphasized the responsibility that designers and illustrators have towards the people they create things for. - Eric Carle
At the pinnacle of great design are products so gorgeous and lust-worthy that you want to lick them: a Porsche 911, Samsung's Luxia TV, an Eames lounge chair or anything by Loro Piana. - Gary Hamel
Delay always breeds danger; and to protract a great design is often to ruin it. - Miguel de Cervantes
I don't design clothes, I design dreams. - Ralph Lauren
Everyone designs who devises courses of action aimed at changing existing situations into preferred ones. - Herbert Simon
Good design doesn't date. - Harry Seidler
I'm not like most designers, who have to set sail on an exotic getaway to get inspired. Most of the time, it's on my walk to work, or sitting in the subway and seeing something random or out of context. - Alexander Wang
Designing is a matter of concentration. You go deep into what you want to do. It's about intensive research, really. The concentration is warm and intimate and like the fire inside the earth - intense but not distorted. You can go to a place, really feel it in your heart. It's actually a beautiful feeling. - Peter Zumthor
Design is about creating spaces for people to enjoy and of course, creating moments where you elevate the spirit, but 'design for good' is figuring out a program that not only creates better spaces, but creates jobs, creates new industry and really kind of raises the conversation about how we rebuild. - Cameron Sinclair
I love graphic design. I love working with design, and I love storytelling, so I've been working on a children's book for a while, and I'd like to see that through. - Colleen Haskell
When I design a wedding dress with a bustle, it has to be one the bride can dance in. I love the idea that something is practical and still looks great. - Vera Wang

25
Your diet is a bank account. Good food choices are good investments. - Bethenny Frankel
Vegetables are a must on a diet. I suggest carrot cake, zucchini bread, and pumpkin pie. - Jim Davis
I never worry about diets. The only carrots that interest me are the number you get in a diamond. - Mae West
Childhood obesity is best tackled at home through improved parental involvement, increased physical exercise, better diet and restraint from eating. - Bob Filner
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport. To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
This is what people don't understand: obesity is a symptom of poverty. It's not a lifestyle choice where people are just eating and not exercising. It's because kids - and this is the problem with school lunch right now - are getting sugar, fat, empty calories - lots of calories - but no nutrition. - Tom Colicchio
The human body is a miraculous self-healing machine, but those self-repair systems require a nutrient-dense diet. - Joel Fuhrman
While pimples are not as simple as too much milk or sugar in your diet, both have a significant impact. Nutritional deficiencies as well as excesses can worsen acne. - Mark Hyman
I never count calories, but I eat so well. - Alicia Silverstone
People have got to learn: if they don't have cookies in the cookie jar, they can't eat cookies. - Suze Orman
A safe and nutritionally adequate diet is a basic individual right and an essential condition for sustainable development, especially in developing countries. - Gro Harlem Brundtland
I believe that parents need to make nutrition education a priority in their home environment. It's crucial for good health and longevity to instill in your children sound eating habits from an early age. - Cat Cora
All the pre-made sauces in a jar, and frozen and canned vegetables, processed meats, and cheeses which are loaded with artificial ingredients and sodium can get in the way of a healthy diet. My number one advice is to eat fresh, and seasonally. - Todd English
I keep my diet simple by sticking to mostly fruits and vegetables all day and then having whatever I want for dinner. I end up making healthy choices, like sushi or grilled fish, because I feel so good from eating well. - Jennifer Morrison
Software-industry battles are fought by highly paid and out-of-shape nerds furiously pounding computer keyboards while they guzzle diet Coke. The stakes aren't very dramatic. Life? Liberty? The pursuit of happiness? Nope, it's about stock options. - Nathan Myhrvold
I adopted a healthier diet. I take at least a tablespoon of apple-cider vinegar a day. It's an old wives' tale, but it really is one of the best things you can put in your mouth. - Melissa Etheridge
Diet cola is my absolute favorite drink in the world; I used to drink four cans a day. But to help me cut down, I've turned it into a treat. Now, instead of having dessert, I'll have a can of diet soda. Putting a limit on how often I can drink it has helped me appreciate it more. - Kaley Cuoco
I've been able to learn a lot through diet and exercise, but I've got to tell you, it's having true love in your life and somebody who has your back 24 hours a day that makes the difference. - Montel Williams
The most important factors for a long life, I think, are partly in the genes; number two is lifestyle, which includes healthy diet and regular exercise. I walk, run and swim every day. However, I think too much exercise is also unhealthy because of over-stress; sometimes people who exercise too many hours per day die early. - John Gokongwei
I got into being vegan because I was simply looking to benefit from being more compassionate. I have since come to learn that it is an animal-based diet that is responsible for the overwhelming majority of cases of cancer, heart disease, diabetes, obesity, multiple sclerosis, and all kinds of other problems. - Steve-O
Every single diet I ever fell off of was because of potatoes and gravy of some sort. - Dolly Parton
Want to learn to eat a lot? Here it is: Eat a little. That way, you will be around long enough to eat a lot. - Tony Robbins
So, when it comes to eating healthy, it's just doing the right thing. And it's not something you have to do 365 days a year, but I think it's something you have to do 25 days a month. Let's put it that way. - Mike Ditka
The easiest diet is, you know, eat vegetables, eat fresh food. Just a really sensible healthy diet like you read about all the time. - Drew Carey
No disease that can be treated by diet should be treated with any other means. - Maimonides
What's the two things they tell you are healthiest to eat? Chicken and fish. You know what you should do? Combine them, eat a penguin. - Dave Attell

26
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work. - Colin Powell
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality. - Malala Yousafzai
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. - Harriet Tubman
All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them. - Walt Disney
The biggest adventure you can take is to live the life of your dreams. - Oprah Winfrey
Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication. Remember all things are possible for those who believe. - Gail Devers
Stay true to yourself, yet always be open to learn. Work hard, and never give up on your dreams, even when nobody else believes they can come true but you. These are not cliches but real tools you need no matter what you do in life to stay focused on your path. - Phillip Sweet
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. - Thomas Jefferson
Consult not your fears but your hopes and your dreams. Think not about your frustrations, but about your unfulfilled potential. Concern yourself not with what you tried and failed in, but with what it is still possible for you to do. - Pope John XXIII
Hold fast to dreams, for if dreams die, life is a broken-winged bird that cannot fly. - Langston Hughes
Life is full of beauty. Notice it. Notice the bumble bee, the small child, and the smiling faces. Smell the rain, and feel the wind. Live your life to the fullest potential, and fight for your dreams. - Ashley Smith
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death. - Robert Fulghum
Deep into that darkness peering, long I stood there, wondering, fearing, doubting, dreaming dreams no mortal ever dared to dream before. - Edgar Allan Poe
We are such stuff as dreams are made on; and our little life is rounded with a sleep. - William Shakespeare
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. - Gloria Steinem
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country. - Anais Nin
Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity. - Khalil Gibran
Reality is wrong. Dreams are for real. - Tupac Shakur
Your vision will become clear only when you can look into your own heart. Who looks outside, dreams; who looks inside, awakes. - Carl Jung
You have to dream before your dreams can come true. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Never underestimate the power of dreams and the influence of the human spirit. We are all the same in this notion: The potential for greatness lives within each of us. - Wilma Rudolph
Follow your dreams, believe in yourself and don't give up. - Rachel Corrie
Yesterday is but today's memory, and tomorrow is today's dream. - Khalil Gibran
Sleep is the best meditation. - Dalai Lama
I love sleep. My life has the tendency to fall apart when I'm awake, you know? - Ernest Hemingway

27
God loves each of us as if there were only one of us. - Saint Augustine
Let every man and woman count himself immortal. Let him catch the revelation of Jesus in his resurrection. Let him say not merely, 'Christ is risen,' but 'I shall rise.' - Phillips Brooks
God proved His love on the Cross. When Christ hung, and bled, and died, it was God saying to the world, 'I love you.' - Billy Graham
Do not abandon yourselves to despair. We are the Easter people and hallelujah is our song. - Pope John Paul II
A rule I have had for years is: to treat the Lord Jesus Christ as a personal friend. His is not a creed, a mere doctrine, but it is He Himself we have. - Dwight L. Moody
We were old sinners - but when we came to Christ we are not sinners anymore. - Joel Osteen
Love always involves responsibility, and love always involves sacrifice. And we do not really love Christ unless we are prepared to face His task and to take up His Cross. - William Barclay
What is the real purpose behind the Tooth Fairy, the Easter Bunny and Santa Claus? They seem like greater steps toward faith and imagination, each with a payoff. Like cognitive training exercises. - Chuck Palahniuk
I believe in one God, the first and great cause of goodness. I also believe in Jesus Christ, the rebirth of the world. I also believe in the Holy Ghost, the comforter. - Daniel Morgan
The great gift of Easter is hope - Christian hope which makes us have that confidence in God, in his ultimate triumph, and in his goodness and love, which nothing can shake. - Basil Hume
There would be no Christmas if there was no Easter. - Gordon B. Hinckley
The symbolic language of the crucifixion is the death of the old paradigm; resurrection is a leap into a whole new way of thinking. - Deepak Chopra
At one time I smoked, but in 1959 I couldn't think of anything else to give up for Lent so I stopped - and I haven't had a cigarette since. - Ethel Merman
People respond when you tell them there is a great future in front of you, you can leave your past behind. - Joel Osteen
There is only one secure foundation: a genuine, deep relationship with Jesus Christ, which will carry you through any and all turmoil. No matter what storms are raging all around, you'll stand firm if you stand on His love. - Charles Stanley
The Bible tells us that Jesus Christ came to do three things. He came to have my past forgiven, you get a purpose for living and a home in Heaven. - Rick Warren
Outside of the cross of Jesus Christ, there is no hope in this world. That cross and resurrection at the core of the Gospel is the only hope for humanity. Wherever you go, ask God for wisdom on how to get that Gospel in, even in the toughest situations of life. - Ravi Zacharias
People come together with their families to celebrate Easter. What better way to celebrate than to spend a few hours going on the journey of Christ's life. - Roma Downey
The Bible tells us that God will meet all our needs. He feeds the birds of the air and clothes the grass with the splendor of lilies. How much more, then, will He care for us, who are made in His image? Our only concern is to obey the heavenly Father and leave the consequences to Him. - Charles Stanley
Even if you're not Christian, just from being in our culture you know Jesus and resurrection and redemption. - Trey Parker
I have always wanted a bunny and I'll always have a rabbit the rest of my life. - Amy Sedaris
The primary source of the appeal of Christianity was Jesus - His incarnation, His life, His crucifixion, and His resurrection. - Kenneth Scott Latourette
Do we believe that there is equal economic opportunity out there in the real world, right now, for each and every one of these groups? If we believed in the tooth fairy, if we believed in the Easter Bunny, we might well believe that. - William Weld
I cooked at the White House for Easter, last year, with Michelle Obama. But it more had to do with cooking from the organic garden, and her message. I took my daughter and granddaughter there, and they were really charming, it was great. - Jacques Pepin
To the casual observer, the Dropbox demo video looked like a normal product demonstration, but we put in about a dozen Easter eggs that were tailored for the Digg audience. References to Tay Zonday and 'Chocolate Rain' and allusions to 'Office Space' and 'XKCD.' It was a tongue-in-cheek nod to that crowd, and it kicked off a chain reaction. - Drew Houston
We are told to let our light shine, and if it does, we won't need to tell anybody it does. Lighthouses don't fire cannons to call attention to their shining - they just shine. - Dwight L. Moody

28
Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world. - Nelson Mandela
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. - Benjamin Franklin
Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today. - Malcolm X
The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school. - Albert Einstein
Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow. - Anthony J. D'Angelo
The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the dissemination of truth. - John F. Kennedy
The goal of education is not to increase the amount of knowledge but to create the possibilities for a child to invent and discover, to create men who are capable of doing new things. - Jean Piaget
Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students. - Solomon Ortiz
Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family. - Kofi Annan
Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue. - Plato
Education must not simply teach work - it must teach Life. - W. E. B. Du Bois
My family is everything. I am what I am thanks to my mother, my father, my brother, my sister... because they have given me everything. The education I have is thanks to them. - Ronaldinho
Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom. - George Washington Carver
The roots of education are bitter, but the fruit is sweet. - Aristotle
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence. - Abigail Adams
It is the mark of an educated mind to be able to entertain a thought without accepting it. - Aristotle
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not: nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not: the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. - Calvin Coolidge
There is no end to education. It is not that you read a book, pass an examination, and finish with education. The whole of life, from the moment you are born to the moment you die, is a process of learning. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
Democracy cannot succeed unless those who express their choice are prepared to choose wisely. The real safeguard of democracy, therefore, is education. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime. - Maimonides
There are many problems, but I think there is a solution to all these problems; it's just one, and it's education. - Malala Yousafzai
The cost of college education today is so high that many young people are giving up their dream of going to college, while many others are graduating deeply in debt. - Bernie Sanders
You are always a student, never a master. You have to keep moving forward. - Conrad Hall
Change is the end result of all true learning. - Leo Buscaglia
The American Dream is one of success, home ownership, college education for one's children, and have a secure job to provide these and other goals. - Leonard Boswell

29
Keep close to Nature's heart... and break clear away, once in awhile, and climb a mountain or spend a week in the woods. Wash your spirit clean. - John Muir
Saving our planet, lifting people out of poverty, advancing economic growth... these are one and the same fight. We must connect the dots between climate change, water scarcity, energy shortages, global health, food security and women's empowerment. Solutions to one problem must be solutions for all. - Ban Ki-moon
Sooner or later, we will have to recognise that the Earth has rights, too, to live without pollution. What mankind must know is that human beings cannot live without Mother Earth, but the planet can live without humans. - Evo Morales
Nuclear power will help provide the electricity that our growing economy needs without increasing emissions. This is truly an environmentally responsible source of energy. - Michael Burgess
Never doubt that a small group of thoughtful, committed citizens can change the world; indeed, it's the only thing that ever has. - Margaret Mead
The most important thing about global warming is this. Whether humans are responsible for the bulk of climate change is going to be left to the scientists, but it's all of our responsibility to leave this planet in better shape for the future generations than we found it. - Mike Huckabee
Climate change is happening, humans are causing it, and I think this is perhaps the most serious environmental issue facing us. - Bill Nye
We are using resources as if we had two planets, not one. There can be no 'plan B' because there is no 'planet B.' - Ban Ki-moon
Conservation is a state of harmony between men and land. - Aldo Leopold
I can find God in nature, in animals, in birds and the environment. - Pat Buckley
We firmly believe the environmental issues cannot be addressed without extensive public participation, but people need to be informed before they can get involved. - Ma Jun
We could have saved the Earth but we were too damned cheap. - Kurt Vonnegut
We must return to nature and nature's god. - Luther Burbank
Water and air, the two essential fluids on which all life depends, have become global garbage cans. - Jacques Yves Cousteau
Environmental pollution is an incurable disease. It can only be prevented. - Barry Commoner
The potential in many environmental issues is that if you undertake corrective action without appropriate understanding of the problem, then you wind up doing more harm than good. - Hugh Ross
Take a course in good water and air; and in the eternal youth of Nature you may renew your own. Go quietly, alone; no harm will befall you. - John Muir
If we do not permit the earth to produce beauty and joy, it will in the end not produce food, either. - Joseph Wood Krutch
I think the environment should be put in the category of our national security. Defense of our resources is just as important as defense abroad. Otherwise what is there to defend? - Robert Redford
Population, when unchecked, goes on doubling itself every 25 years or increases in a geometrical ratio. - Thomas Malthus
If you cut down a forest, it doesn't matter how many sawmills you have if there are no more trees. - Susan George
It is horrifying that we have to fight our own government to save the environment. - Ansel Adams
I did not become a vegetarian for my health, I did it for the health of the chickens. - Isaac Bashevis Singer
If people destroy something replaceable made by mankind, they are called vandals; if they destroy something irreplaceable made by God, they are called developers. - Joseph Wood Krutch
I see humanity now as one vast plant, needing for its highest fulfillment only love, the natural blessings of the great outdoors, and intelligent crossing and selection. - Luther Burbank
I think so long as fossil fuels are cheap, people will use them and it will postpone a movement towards new technologies. - Paul Krugman

30
No struggle can ever succeed without women participating side by side with men. - Muhammad Ali Jinnah
I have a dream that my four little children will one day live in a nation where they will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Racism is still with us. But it is up to us to prepare our children for what they have to meet, and, hopefully, we shall overcome. - Rosa Parks
I speak not for myself but for those without voice... those who have fought for their rights... their right to live in peace, their right to be treated with dignity, their right to equality of opportunity, their right to be educated. - Malala Yousafzai
There should be no discrimination against languages people speak, skin color, or religion. - Malala Yousafzai
If we cannot now end our differences, at least we can help make the world safe for diversity. - John F. Kennedy
All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others. - George Orwell
Countries with higher levels of gender equality have higher economic growth. Companies with more women on their boards have higher returns. Peace agreements that include women are more successful. Parliaments with more women take up a wider range of issues - including health, education, anti-discrimination, and child support. - Ban Ki-moon
Let us remember we are all part of one American family. We are united in common values, and that includes belief in equality under the law, basic respect for public order, and the right of peaceful protest. - Barack Obama
True equality means holding everyone accountable in the same way, regardless of race, gender, faith, ethnicity - or political ideology. - Monica Crowley
Here are the values that I stand for: honesty, equality, kindness, compassion, treating people the way you want to be treated and helping those in need. To me, those are traditional values. - Ellen DeGeneres
With patient and firm determination, I am going to press on for jobs. I'm going to press on for equality. I'm going to press on for the sake of our children. I'm going to press on for the sake of all those families who are struggling right now. I don't have time to feel sorry for myself. I don't have time to complain. I am going to press on. - Barack Obama
The worst form of inequality is to try to make unequal things equal. - Aristotle
The earth is the mother of all people, and all people should have equal rights upon it. - Chief Joseph
Any serious shift towards more sustainable societies has to include gender equality. - Helen Clark
You have to stand guard over the development and maintenance of Islamic democracy, Islamic social justice and the equality of manhood in your own native soil. - Muhammad Ali Jinnah
I have never been what you would call just an integrationist. I know I've been called that... Integrating that bus wouldn't mean more equality. Even when there was segregation, there was plenty of integration in the South, but it was for the benefit and convenience of the white person, not us. - Rosa Parks
We came equals into this world, and equals shall we go out of it. - George Mason
The goal of the EU is to form a region of freedom, security and justice. Freedom in this connection cannot be just the freedom of the strong, but it must be combined with fraternity and equality. - Tarja Halonen
The equal right of all citizens to health, education, work, food, security, culture, science, and wellbeing - that is, the same rights we proclaimed when we began our struggle, in addition to those which emerge from our dreams of justice and equality for all inhabitants of our world - is what I wish for all. - Fidel Castro
If any man claims the Negro should be content... let him say he would willingly change the color of his skin and go to live in the Negro section of a large city. Then and only then has he a right to such a claim. - Robert Kennedy
There can be no equality or opportunity if men and women and children be not shielded in their lives from the consequences of great industrial and social processes which they cannot alter, control, or singly cope with. - Woodrow Wilson
Candor is a compliment; it implies equality. It's how true friends talk. - Peggy Noonan
The sweltering summer of the Negro's legitimate discontent will not pass until there is an invigorating autumn of freedom and equality. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
I am sure that every one of my colleagues - Democrat, Republican, and Independent - agrees with that statement. That in the voting booth, every one is equal. - Barbara Boxer
Democratic principles are the result of equality of condition. - Mercy Otis Warren

31
Some days are just bad days, that's all. You have to experience sadness to know happiness, and I remind myself that not every day is going to be a good day, that's just the way it is! - Dita Von Teese
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.' - Eleanor Roosevelt
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved. - Helen Keller
The only source of knowledge is experience. - Albert Einstein
You should never view your challenges as a disadvantage. Instead, it's important for you to understand that your experience facing and overcoming adversity is actually one of your biggest advantages. - Michelle Obama
To be a champion, I think you have to see the big picture. It's not about winning and losing; it's about every day hard work and about thriving on a challenge. It's about embracing the pain that you'll experience at the end of a race and not being afraid. I think people think too hard and get afraid of a certain challenge. - Summer Sanders
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death. - Robert Fulghum
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity. - Calvin Coolidge
Our uniqueness, our individuality, and our life experience molds us into fascinating beings. I hope we can embrace that. I pray we may all challenge ourselves to delve into the deepest resources of our hearts to cultivate an atmosphere of understanding, acceptance, tolerance, and compassion. We are all in this life together. - Linda Thompson
No man ever steps in the same river twice, for it's not the same river and he's not the same man. - Heraclitus
A mind that is stretched by a new experience can never go back to its old dimensions. - Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
Travel, in the younger sort, is a part of education; in the elder, a part of experience. - Francis Bacon
Real estate sales was perfect training for the experience to go into public life because you learn to accept rejection, learn to meet new people, learn to work with people and find common ground. That's the way you sell houses... that's also the way you win over constituency. - Johnny Isakson
Happiness cannot be traveled to, owned, earned, worn or consumed. Happiness is the spiritual experience of living every minute with love, grace, and gratitude. - Denis Waitley
People grow through experience if they meet life honestly and courageously. This is how character is built. - Eleanor Roosevelt
European nations began World War I with a glamorous vision of war, only to be psychologically shattered by the realities of the trenches. The experience changed the way people referred to the glamour of battle; they treated it no longer as a positive quality but as a dangerous illusion. - Virginia Postrel
I decided blacks should not have to experience the difficulties I had faced, so I decided to open a flying school and teach other black women to fly. - Bessie Coleman
But it's a journey and the sad thing is you only learn from experience, so as much as someone can tell you things, you have to go out there and make your own mistakes in order to learn. - Emma Watson
There is science, logic, reason; there is thought verified by experience. And then there is California. - Edward Abbey
Life is short and the older you get, the more you feel it. Indeed, the shorter it is. People lose their capacity to walk, run, travel, think, and experience life. I realise how important it is to use the time I have. - Viggo Mortensen
I don't believe people are looking for the meaning of life as much as they are looking for the experience of being alive. - Joseph Campbell
Only those who have learned the power of sincere and selfless contribution experience life's deepest joy: true fulfillment. - Tony Robbins
When a moment in front of me appears to be particularly special, whether it be by beauty or experience, I capture it. I usually find a reason to justify taking that photo - symmetry, or color, or contrast - and it's my hope that my photography sheds light onto what I see and do on a daily basis. - Connor Franta
Wisdom and penetration are the fruit of experience, not the lessons of retirement and leisure. Great necessities call out great virtues. - Abigail Adams
We can think so much about life and take ourselves so seriously; I mean, I like to tell people, 'Don't take life too seriously' because you'll cloud the experience. That's what the meaning of life is to me - being able to enjoy the moment. - Janine Shepherd
The only relevant test of the validity of a hypothesis is comparison of prediction with experience. - Milton Friedman

32
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence. - Colin Powell
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. - Colin Powell
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness. - Oprah Winfrey
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. - Og Mandino
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. - Thomas A. Edison
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. - Donald Trump
I can accept failure, everyone fails at something. But I can't accept not trying. - Michael Jordan
Women, like men, should try to do the impossible. And when they fail, their failure should be a challenge to others. - Amelia Earhart
It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure. - Bill Gates
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not: nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not: the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. - Calvin Coolidge
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble. - Shah Rukh Khan
You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space. - Johnny Cash
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. - Henry Ford
Success depends upon previous preparation, and without such preparation there is sure to be failure. - Confucius
Leadership is solving problems. The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help or concluded you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership. - Colin Powell
It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all, in which case you have failed by default. - J. K. Rowling
Far better is it to dare mighty things, to win glorious triumphs, even though checkered by failure... than to rank with those poor spirits who neither enjoy nor suffer much, because they live in a gray twilight that knows not victory nor defeat. - Theodore Roosevelt
We need to accept that we won't always make the right decisions, that we'll screw up royally sometimes - understanding that failure is not the opposite of success, it's part of success. - Arianna Huffington
There is no innovation and creativity without failure. Period. - Brene Brown
A man can fail many times, but he isn't a failure until he begins to blame somebody else. - John Burroughs
Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again. - Richard Branson
Failure is the key to success; each mistake teaches us something. - Morihei Ueshiba
They talk about the failure of socialism but where is the success of capitalism in Africa, Asia and Latin America? - Fidel Castro
Suffering, failure, loneliness, sorrow, discouragement, and death will be part of your journey, but the Kingdom of God will conquer all these horrors. No evil can resist grace forever. - Brennan Manning

33
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. - Helen Keller
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. - Norman Vincent Peale
I believe if you keep your faith, you keep your trust, you keep the right attitude, if you're grateful, you'll see God open up new doors. - Joel Osteen
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it. - Bruce Lee
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them. - Steve Jobs
Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication. Remember all things are possible for those who believe. - Gail Devers
The greatest legacy one can pass on to one's children and grandchildren is not money or other material things accumulated in one's life, but rather a legacy of character and faith. - Billy Graham
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty. - Mahatma Gandhi
Faith is taking the first step even when you don't see the whole staircase. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
A grateful heart is a beginning of greatness. It is an expression of humility. It is a foundation for the development of such virtues as prayer, faith, courage, contentment, happiness, love, and well-being. - James E. Faust
In my deepest, darkest moments, what really got me through was a prayer. Sometimes my prayer was 'Help me.' Sometimes a prayer was 'Thank you.' What I've discovered is that intimate connection and communication with my creator will always get me through because I know my support, my help, is just a prayer away. - Iyanla Vanzant
Faith is to believe what you do not see; the reward of this faith is to see what you believe. - Saint Augustine
We are never defeated unless we give up on God. - Ronald Reagan
True equality means holding everyone accountable in the same way, regardless of race, gender, faith, ethnicity - or political ideology. - Monica Crowley
The foundation stones for a balanced success are honesty, character, integrity, faith, love and loyalty. - Zig Ziglar
Have no fear of moving into the unknown. Simply step out fearlessly knowing that I am with you, therefore no harm can befall you; all is very, very well. Do this in complete faith and confidence. - Pope John Paul II
Ever since the Crusades, when Christians from western Europe were fighting holy wars against Muslims in the near east, western people have often perceived Islam as a violent and intolerant faith - even though when this prejudice took root Islam had a better record of tolerance than Christianity. - Karen Armstrong
When you focus on being a blessing, God makes sure that you are always blessed in abundance. - Joel Osteen
Be faithful in small things because it is in them that your strength lies. - Mother Teresa
Sometimes life hits you in the head with a brick. Don't lose faith. - Steve Jobs
No human race is superior; no religious faith is inferior. All collective judgments are wrong. Only racists make them. - Elie Wiesel
Feelings aroused by the touch of someone's hand, the sound of music, the smell of a flower, a beautiful sunset, a work of art, love, laughter, hope and faith - all work on both the unconscious and the conscious aspects of the self, and they have physiological consequences as well. - Bernie Siegel
Choose your friends with caution; plan your future with purpose, and frame your life with faith. - Thomas S. Monson
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history. - Mahatma Gandhi
Through faith in the Lord Jesus alone can we obtain forgiveness of our sins, and be at peace with God; but, believing in Jesus, we become, through this very faith, the children of God; have God as our Father, and may come to Him for all the temporal and spiritual blessings which we need. - George Muller
Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all. - George Washington

34
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored. - Earl Nightingale
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him. - Buddha
The most important thing in the world is family and love. - John Wooden
Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family. - Kofi Annan
Christmas is the perfect time to celebrate the love of God and family and to create memories that will last forever. Jesus is God's perfect, indescribable gift. The amazing thing is that not only are we able to receive this gift, but we are able to share it with others on Christmas and every other day of the year. - Joel Osteen
Many times, the decisions we make affect and hurt your closest friends and family the most. I have a lot of regrets in that regard. But God has forgiven me, which I am very thankful for. It has enabled me to forgive myself and move forward one day at a time. - Lex Luger
My family is everything. I am what I am thanks to my mother, my father, my brother, my sister... because they have given me everything. The education I have is thanks to them. - Ronaldinho
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them. - Desmond Tutu
Family is not an important thing. It's everything. - Michael J. Fox
At the end of the day, life is about being happy being who you are, and I feel like we are so blessed to have the support system and the best family to really just support each other no matter what we're going through. - Kim Kardashian
I believe that the greatest gift you can give your family and the world is a healthy you. - Joyce Meyer
Peace is the beauty of life. It is sunshine. It is the smile of a child, the love of a mother, the joy of a father, the togetherness of a family. It is the advancement of man, the victory of a just cause, the triumph of truth. - Menachem Begin
It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family. - Philip Green
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city. - George Burns
Social media websites are no longer performing an envisaged function of creating a positive communication link among friends, family and professionals. It is a veritable battleground, where insults fly from the human quiver, damaging lives, destroying self-esteem and a person's sense of self-worth. - Anthony Carmona
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life. - Richard Bach
Let us remember we are all part of one American family. We are united in common values, and that includes belief in equality under the law, basic respect for public order, and the right of peaceful protest. - Barack Obama
The family is one of nature's masterpieces. - George Santayana
I think that in any group activity - whether it be business, sports, or family - there has to be leadership or it won't be successful. - John Wooden
My family is my strength and my weakness. - Aishwarya Rai Bachchan
Sister is probably the most competitive relationship within the family, but once the sisters are grown, it becomes the strongest relationship. - Margaret Mead
Family is the most important thing in the world. - Princess Diana
A good job is more than just a paycheck. A good job fosters independence and discipline, and contributes to the health of the community. A good job is a means to provide for the health and welfare of your family, to own a home, and save for retirement. - James H. Douglas, Jr.
Life changes when you have a child, when you have your own family. You become more careful about what you do. You're not going to be out late, going out to clubs, hanging out with your friends. You're going to be at home, taking care of your daughter, playing with her. - Paul Pierce
God has blessed me with an amazing family, friends and work colleagues that have been my joy, my support, and my sanity. I don't know what I'd do without them. - Josie Loren
A real man loves his wife, and places his family as the most important thing in life. Nothing has brought me more peace and content in life than simply being a good husband and father. - Frank Abagnale

35
The world's most famous and popular language is music. - Psy
Everybody wants to be famous, but nobody wants to do the work. I live by that. You grind hard so you can play hard. At the end of the day, you put all the work in, and eventually it'll pay off. It could be in a year, it could be in 30 years. Eventually, your hard work will pay off. - Kevin Hart
If you are a leader, you should never forget that everyone needs encouragement. And everyone who receives it - young or old, successful or less-than-successful, unknown or famous - is changed by it. - John C. Maxwell
When someone becomes successful or rich and famous, people perceive that person as being different. But I'm the same guy I've always been. - Barry Zito
When you become famous, being famous becomes your profession. - James Carville
Being in 'Us Weekly' does not make you famous. - Bradley Cooper
I don't need to be wildly famous for my life to make sense. - Cory Monteith
I'd probably be famous now if I wasn't such a good waitress. - Jane Siberry
My high-school coach Tony Reginelli was kind of famous for 'Reggie-isms,' kind of like 'Yogi-isms.' He always said if you want to be a good quarterback, when sprinting left you want to be amphibious and throw left-handed. I told him, 'You mean ambidextrous, coach?' - Peyton Manning
Fame can take interesting men and thrust mediocrity upon them. - David Bowie
Fate is being kind to me. Fate doesn't want me to be too famous too young. - Duke Ellington
For famous men have the whole earth as their memorial. - Pericles
I have no use for people who throw their weight around as celebrities, or for those who fawn over you just because you are famous. - Walt Disney
Avoid popularity; it has many snares, and no real benefit. - William Penn
I'm not comfortable being around too many people. I don't like being out in public too much. I don't like going to bars. I don't like doing celebrity stuff. So most of the characters I play are people who don't always feel comfortable beyond their small circle of friends. - Adam Sandler
I'm more interested in being good than being famous. - Annie Leibovitz
I think being famous is more of a hindrance, a constraint, than just letting yourself be free. - Martin Yan
To seduce a woman famous for strict morals, religious fervor and the happiness of her marriage: what could possibly be more prestigious? - Christopher Hampton
I lost some of my friends because I got so famous, people who just assumed that I would be different now. I felt like everyone hated me. That is the most unhappy time of my life. - Haruki Murakami
Thank God I arrived the day before yesterday, the first of the month, at this port of San Diego, truly a fine one, and not without reason called famous. - Junipero Serra
In fact, I'd just like to own something. Everyone thinks I'm glamorous, rich and famous but all I've got is some recording equipment and a battered old BMW. - Dido Armstrong
In the sixties, everyone you knew became famous. My flatmate was Terence Stamp. My barber was Vidal Sassoon. David Hockney did the menu in a restaurant I went to. I didn't know anyone unknown who didn't become famous. - Michael Caine
If I wasn't even famous or had any success, I would still wake up and put tons of make-up on, and put on a cool outfit. That's always been who I've been my whole life, so that's never gonna change. I love fashion. I love getting dressed up. I love Halloween, too. - Gwen Stefani
I don't want to be famous. I like to be able to sit in a cafe and watch the world go by and observe people. - Sophia Myles
I grew up on my dad's sets, but I was never star-struck or desperate to be famous. I grew up being a worker. It took me a long time to realise that my work ended up being seen by people. As far as I was concerned, I was just in the family business. - Katharine Isabelle
I think it would collapse my heart if I was super famous. I don't have the nerve for it, I'm too anxious. I don't know how you're not obsessed with how people perceive you, because they're real people, you know? You can convince yourself that they don't really know you, and that's true, but how can it not hurt your feelings? - Bo Burnham

36
The most important thing in the world is family and love. - John Wooden
A real man loves his wife, and places his family as the most important thing in life. Nothing has brought me more peace and content in life than simply being a good husband and father. - Frank Abagnale
Anyone can be a father, but it takes someone special to be a dad, and that's why I call you dad, because you are so special to me. You taught me the game and you taught me how to play it right. - Wade Boggs
One of the greatest titles in the world is parent, and one of the biggest blessings in the world is to have parents to call mom and dad. - Jim DeMint
My father gave me the greatest gift anyone could give another person, he believed in me. - Jim Valvano
When a father gives to his son, both laugh; when a son gives to his father, both cry. - William Shakespeare
Until you have a son of your own... you will never know the joy, the love beyond feeling that resonates in the heart of a father as he looks upon his son. - Kent Nerburn
Son, brother, father, lover, friend. There is room in the heart for all the affections, as there is room in heaven for all the stars. - Victor Hugo
One of the greatest gifts my father gave me - unintentionally - was witnessing the courage with which he bore adversity. We had a bit of a rollercoaster life with some really challenging financial periods. He was always unshaken, completely tranquil, the same ebullient, laughing, jovial man. - Ben Okri
I can definitely say the older I've got the better I've become at being a dad and a husband. - Rod Stewart
A good father believes that he does wisely to encourage enterprise, productive skill, prudent self-denial, and judicious expenditure on the part of his son. - William Graham Sumner
I would want my legacy to be that I was a great son, father and friend. - Dante Hall
I imagine God to be like my father. My father was always the voice of certainty in my life. Certainty in the wisdom, certainty in the path, certainty always in God. For me God is certainty in everything. Certainty that everything is good and everything is God. - Yehuda Berg
You don't have to deserve your mother's love. You have to deserve your father's. - Robert Frost
My Dad is my hero. - Harry Connick, Jr.
The best thing about being a dad? Well, I think it's just the thing that every man wants - to have a son and heir. - George Best
Dad taught me everything I know. Unfortunately, he didn't teach me everything he knows. - Al Unser
Being a father has been, without a doubt, my greatest source of achievement, pride and inspiration. Fatherhood has taught me about unconditional love, reinforced the importance of giving back and taught me how to be a better person. - Naveen Jain
I was raised in the greatest of homes... just a really great dad, and I miss him so much... he was a good man, a real simple man... Very faithful, always loved my mom, always provided for the kids, and just a lot of fun. - Max Lucado
To a father growing old nothing is dearer than a daughter. - Euripides
To me, having kids is the ultimate job in life. I want to be most successful at being a good father. - Nick Lachey
I want to congratulate all the men out there who are working diligently to be good fathers whether they are stepfathers, or biological fathers or just spiritual fathers. - T. D. Jakes
My dad was my best friend and greatest role model. He was an amazing dad, coach, mentor, soldier, husband and friend. - Tiger Woods
It is a wise father that knows his own child. - William Shakespeare
Without my dad, I wouldn't be here. - Maria Sharapova
We looked up to our father. He still is much greater than us. - Wynton Marsalis

37
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.' - Eleanor Roosevelt
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. - Dale Carnegie
I've learned that fear limits you and your vision. It serves as blinders to what may be just a few steps down the road for you. The journey is valuable, but believing in your talents, your abilities, and your self-worth can empower you to walk down an even brighter path. Transforming fear into freedom - how great is that? - Soledad O'Brien
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less. - Marie Curie
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear. - Mark Twain
March on. Do not tarry. To go forward is to move toward perfection. March on, and fear not the thorns, or the sharp stones on life's path. - Khalil Gibran
Before you can become a millionaire, you must learn to think like one. You must learn how to motivate yourself to counter fear with courage. Making critical decisions about your career, business, investments and other resources conjures up fear, fear that is part of the process of becoming a financial success. - Thomas J. Stanley
We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all. - Eleanor Roosevelt
I learned that courage was not the absence of fear, but the triumph over it. The brave man is not he who does not feel afraid, but he who conquers that fear. - Nelson Mandela
The voice of the intelligence is drowned out by the roar of fear. It is ignored by the voice of desire. It is contradicted by the voice of shame. It is biased by hate and extinguished by anger. Most of all it is silenced by ignorance. - Karl A. Menninger
Don't let fear or insecurity stop you from trying new things. Believe in yourself. Do what you love. And most importantly, be kind to others, even if you don't like them. - Stacy London
Some days, 24 hours is too much to stay put in, so I take the day hour by hour, moment by moment. I break the task, the challenge, the fear into small, bite-size pieces. I can handle a piece of fear, depression, anger, pain, sadness, loneliness, illness. I actually put my hands up to my face, one next to each eye, like blinders on a horse. - Regina Brett
Battle is the most magnificent competition in which a human being can indulge. It brings out all that is best; it removes all that is base. All men are afraid in battle. The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. Duty is the essence of manhood. - George S. Patton
Too much self-centered attitude, you see, brings, you see, isolation. Result: loneliness, fear, anger. The extreme self-centered attitude is the source of suffering. - Dalai Lama
Have no fear of moving into the unknown. Simply step out fearlessly knowing that I am with you, therefore no harm can befall you; all is very, very well. Do this in complete faith and confidence. - Pope John Paul II
Even death is not to be feared by one who has lived wisely. - Buddha
The only thing we have to fear is fear itself. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Fear is stupid. So are regrets. - Marilyn Monroe
America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand. - Harry S Truman
I fear not the man who has practiced 10,000 kicks once, but I fear the man who has practiced one kick 10,000 times. - Bruce Lee
My fear was not of death itself, but a death without meaning. - Huey Newton
I write for those women who do not speak, for those who do not have a voice because they were so terrified, because we are taught to respect fear more than ourselves. We've been taught that silence would save us, but it won't. - Audre Lorde
Red is such an interesting color to correlate with emotion, because it's on both ends of the spectrum. On one end you have happiness, falling in love, infatuation with someone, passion, all that. On the other end, you've got obsession, jealousy, danger, fear, anger and frustration. - Taylor Swift
There is no such thing as paranoia. Your worst fears can come true at any moment. - Hunter S. Thompson
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time. - Mark Twain
Have no fear of perfection - you'll never reach it. - Salvador Dali

38
In this world nothing can be said to be certain, except death and taxes. - Benjamin Franklin
Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship. - Benjamin Franklin
Our incomes are like our shoes; if too small, they gall and pinch us; but if too large, they cause us to stumble and to trip. - John Locke
The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets. - John D. Rockefeller
A big part of financial freedom is having your heart and mind free from worry about the what-ifs of life. - Suze Orman
A budget tells us what we can't afford, but it doesn't keep us from buying it. - William Feather
I believe that through knowledge and discipline, financial peace is possible for all of us. - Dave Ramsey
All money is a matter of belief. - Adam Smith
The avoidance of taxes is the only intellectual pursuit that still carries any reward. - John Maynard Keynes
You and I come by road or rail, but economists travel on infrastructure. - Margaret Thatcher
One of the funny things about the stock market is that every time one person buys, another sells, and both think they are astute. - William Feather
Surplus wealth is a sacred trust which its possessor is bound to administer in his lifetime for the good of the community. - Andrew Carnegie
Your net worth to the world is usually determined by what remains after your bad habits are subtracted from your good ones. - Benjamin Franklin
Security depends not so much upon how much you have, as upon how much you can do without. - Joseph Wood Krutch
I finally know what distinguishes man from the other beasts: financial worries. - Jules Renard
Money is the best rule of commerce. - William Petty
Gold and silver, like other commodities, have an intrinsic value, which is not arbitrary, but is dependent on their scarcity, the quantity of labour bestowed in procuring them, and the value of the capital employed in the mines which produce them. - David Ricardo
There can be no rise in the value of labour without a fall of profits. - David Ricardo
Finance is critical. If sufficient investment is made in infrastructure and venture capital is made available, there will be a big improvement in the situation. - Sanjay Kumar
I feel sorry sometimes for these sportsmen and women who put in just as much effort as the footballers. For example, athletes train at least as hard as footballers but have to be happy if they can earn enough to finance a decent education. - Angela Merkel
Canadians know that the promise of a recession didn't happen because of anything we did here. If you look at all the causes of the recession, problems in mortgage markets, the problems in the banking sector, the problems in government finance in countries like Greece, none of those problems were in present Canada. - Stephen Harper
Under capitalism, man exploits man. Under communism, it's just the opposite. - John Kenneth Galbraith
Wealth, in even the most improbable cases, manages to convey the aspect of intelligence. - John Kenneth Galbraith
Inflation is taxation without legislation. - Milton Friedman
If I had learned more about business ahead of time, I would have been shaped into believing that it was only about finances and quality management. - Anita Roddick
We all know that Americans love their statistics - in sport, obviously. And in finance too. - Evan Davis

39
To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise. - Gene Tunney
Physical fitness is not only one of the most important keys to a healthy body, it is the basis of dynamic and creative intellectual activity. - John F. Kennedy
Take care of your body. It's the only place you have to live. - Jim Rohn
The purpose of training is to tighten up the slack, toughen the body, and polish the spirit. - Morihei Ueshiba
If I don't feel confident about my body, I'm not going to sit at home and feel sorry for myself and not do something about it. It's all about taking action and not being lazy. So you do the work, whether it's fitness or whatever. It's about getting up, motivating yourself and just doing it. - Kim Kardashian
A muscle is like a car. If you want it to run well early in the morning, you have to warm it up. - Florence Griffith Joyner
I think fitness is important. I think a healthy lifestyle is important. I think putting positive energy out there is important and just staying connected with the people. - LL Cool J
Guided only by their feeling for symmetry, simplicity, and generality, and an indefinable sense of the fitness of things, creative mathematicians now, as in the past, are inspired by the art of mathematics rather than by any prospect of ultimate usefulness. - E. T. Bell
Practice puts brains in your muscles. - Sam Snead
Leave all the afternoon for exercise and recreation, which are as necessary as reading. I will rather say more necessary because health is worth more than learning. - Thomas Jefferson
Exercise to stimulate, not to annihilate. The world wasn't formed in a day, and neither were we. Set small goals and build upon them. - Lee Haney
Bodybuilding is much like any other sport. To be successful, you must dedicate yourself 100% to your training, diet and mental approach. - Arnold Schwarzenegger
The human body is the best picture of the human soul. - Ludwig Wittgenstein
The reason I exercise is for the quality of life I enjoy. - Kenneth H. Cooper
The first time I see a jogger smiling, I'll consider it. - Joan Rivers
Exercise is done against one's wishes and maintained only because the alternative is worse. - George A. Sheehan
I didn't have the same fitness or ability as the other girls, so I had to beat them with my mind. - Martina Hingis
You must also give mental and physical fitness priority. - Jim Otto
If a man achieves victory over this body, who in the world can exercise power over him? He who rules himself rules over the whole world. - Vinoba Bhave
A feeble body weakens the mind. - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
A life coach does for the rest of your life what a personal trainer does for your health and fitness. - Elaine MacDonald
In terms of fitness and battling through cancer, exercise helps you stay strong physically and mentally. - Grete Waitz
For years, I always thought it was hilarious that I was this fitness guru, because fitness was just a tool I utilized to help people improve their confidence. For me, it's never been about fitness. It's always been about helping to empower people. - Jillian Michaels
I've spent half my life in gyms, if not more, and I love physical fitness and health; couple that with the fact that I love for people to be healthy, whether it's mentally, physically, or emotionally, and it's just a great opportunity for me to do something I love and have an impact on people's health. - Steve Nash
I think I have just evolved as a person, as a human being. I like fitness. It's an important part of my everyday life, and I enjoy and endorse a healthy lifestyle. - Karisma Kapoor
I attend to my fitness. I go the gym every day and try to maintain my physical fitness; without that, it is tough to take challenges on the chess board. - Viswanathan Anand

40
There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments. - Chris Rock
Your diet is a bank account. Good food choices are good investments. - Bethenny Frankel
Saving our planet, lifting people out of poverty, advancing economic growth... these are one and the same fight. We must connect the dots between climate change, water scarcity, energy shortages, global health, food security and women's empowerment. Solutions to one problem must be solutions for all. - Ban Ki-moon
When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength. Give thanks for your food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself. - Tecumseh
It's easy to impress me. I don't need a fancy party to be happy. Just good friends, good food, and good laughs. I'm happy. I'm satisfied. I'm content. - Maria Sharapova
If music be the food of love, play on. - William Shakespeare
Flowers always make people better, happier, and more helpful; they are sunshine, food and medicine for the soul. - Luther Burbank
One should eat to live, not live to eat. - Moliere
Eating is so intimate. It's very sensual. When you invite someone to sit at your table and you want to cook for them, you're inviting a person into your life. - Maya Angelou
If you can't feed a hundred people, then feed just one. - Mother Teresa
My feeling is that labels are for canned food... I am what I am - and I know what I am. - Michael Stipe
Once, during Prohibition, I was forced to live for days on nothing but food and water. - W. C. Fields
Food for the body is not enough. There must be food for the soul. - Dorothy Day
I get way too much happiness from good food. - Elizabeth Olsen
There is no sincerer love than the love of food. - George Bernard Shaw
One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well. - Virginia Woolf
Food is for eating, and good food is to be enjoyed... I think food is, actually, very beautiful in itself. - Delia Smith
If a patient is cold, if a patient is feverish, if a patient is faint, if he is sick after taking food, if he has a bed-sore, it is generally the fault not of the disease, but of the nursing. - Florence Nightingale
Statistics show that of those who contract the habit of eating, very few survive. - George Bernard Shaw
I love flying so much. I even like airplane food. No one bothers you and your phone never goes off and you can't have emails go through. It's undisturbed. - Margot Robbie
We have a list of human rights - right to food, right to shelter, right to health, right to education, many such items which are considered and accepted as bill of rights. These are to be insured to people. So all nations, all societies try to do that. - Muhammad Yunus
I come from a family where gravy is considered a beverage. - Erma Bombeck
A man can live and be healthy without killing animals for food; therefore, if he eats meat, he participates in taking animal life merely for the sake of his appetite. - Leo Tolstoy
A waffle is like a pancake with a syrup trap. - Mitch Hedberg
The kitchen oven is reliable, but it's made us lazy. - Jamie Oliver
If we do not permit the earth to produce beauty and joy, it will in the end not produce food, either. - Joseph Wood Krutch

41
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Many times, the decisions we make affect and hurt your closest friends and family the most. I have a lot of regrets in that regard. But God has forgiven me, which I am very thankful for. It has enabled me to forgive myself and move forward one day at a time. - Lex Luger
The weak can never forgive. Forgiveness is the attribute of the strong. - Mahatma Gandhi
Mistakes are always forgivable, if one has the courage to admit them. - Bruce Lee
The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness. - Honore de Balzac
I can have peace of mind only when I forgive rather than judge. - Gerald Jampolsky
There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love. - Bryant H. McGill
In the Bible it says they asked Jesus how many times you should forgive, and he said 70 times 7. Well, I want you all to know that I'm keeping a chart. - Hillary Clinton
Forgiveness says you are given another chance to make a new beginning. - Desmond Tutu
To err is human; to forgive, divine. - Alexander Pope
Never forget the three powerful resources you always have available to you: love, prayer, and forgiveness. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
There would be no need for love if perfection were possible. Love arises from our imperfection, from our being different and always in need of the forgiveness, encouragement and that missing half of ourselves that we are searching for, as the Greek myth tells us, in order to complete ourselves. - Eugene Kennedy
Through faith in the Lord Jesus alone can we obtain forgiveness of our sins, and be at peace with God; but, believing in Jesus, we become, through this very faith, the children of God; have God as our Father, and may come to Him for all the temporal and spiritual blessings which we need. - George Muller
Forgive me my nonsense, as I also forgive the nonsense of those that think they talk sense. - Robert Frost
Because forgiveness is like this: a room can be dank because you have closed the windows, you've closed the curtains. But the sun is shining outside, and the air is fresh outside. In order to get that fresh air, you have to get up and open the window and draw the curtains apart. - Desmond Tutu
The ability to forgive is one of man's greatest achievements. - Bryant H. McGill
It is never too late to strengthen the foundation of faith. There is always time. With faith in the Savior, you can repent and plead for forgiveness. There is someone you can forgive. There is someone you can thank. There is someone you can serve and lift. You can do it wherever you are and however alone and deserted you may feel. - Henry B. Eyring
Forgiveness is not always easy. At times, it feels more painful than the wound we suffered, to forgive the one that inflicted it. And yet, there is no peace without forgiveness. - Marianne Williamson
It's one of the greatest gifts you can give yourself, to forgive. Forgive everybody. - Maya Angelou
To forgive is to set a prisoner free and discover that the prisoner was you. - Lewis B. Smedes
When you make a mistake and the devil comes and tells you 'You're no good,' you don't have to take on the guilt and condemnation he wants to put on you. No! You can immediately confess your mistake to God, thank Him for forgiving you and cleansing you with the blood of Jesus, and move forward in the victory of His grace and forgiveness. - Joyce Meyer
The bitterest tears shed over graves are for words left unsaid and deeds left undone. - Harriet Beecher Stowe
Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names. - John F. Kennedy
I think it is important that we rebuild an atmosphere of forgiveness and civility in every aspect of our lives. - T. D. Jakes
The stupid neither forgive nor forget; the naive forgive and forget; the wise forgive but do not forget. - Thomas Szasz

42
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it. - Kevyn Aucoin
Love myself I do. Not everything, but I love the good as well as the bad. I love my crazy lifestyle, and I love my hard discipline. I love my freedom of speech and the way my eyes get dark when I'm tired. I love that I have learned to trust people with my heart, even if it will get broken. I am proud of everything that I am and will become. - Johnny Weir
I've learned that fear limits you and your vision. It serves as blinders to what may be just a few steps down the road for you. The journey is valuable, but believing in your talents, your abilities, and your self-worth can empower you to walk down an even brighter path. Transforming fear into freedom - how great is that? - Soledad O'Brien
Just living is not enough... one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower. - Hans Christian Andersen
America will never be destroyed from the outside. If we falter and lose our freedoms, it will be because we destroyed ourselves. - Abraham Lincoln
Education is the key to unlock the golden door of freedom. - George Washington Carver
I would like to be remembered as a person who wanted to be free... so other people would be also free. - Rosa Parks
Liberty, when it begins to take root, is a plant of rapid growth. - George Washington
True individual freedom cannot exist without economic security and independence. People who are hungry and out of a job are the stuff of which dictatorships are made. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength. - George Orwell
Friends can help each other. A true friend is someone who lets you have total freedom to be yourself - and especially to feel. Or, not feel. Whatever you happen to be feeling at the moment is fine with them. That's what real love amounts to - letting a person be what he really is. - Jim Morrison
If the freedom of speech is taken away then dumb and silent we may be led, like sheep to the slaughter. - George Washington
Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction. We didn't pass it to our children in the bloodstream. It must be fought for, protected, and handed on for them to do the same. - Ronald Reagan
We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. - Thomas Jefferson
Change does not roll in on the wheels of inevitability, but comes through continuous struggle. And so we must straighten our backs and work for our freedom. A man can't ride you unless your back is bent. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
A friend is someone who gives you total freedom to be yourself. - Jim Morrison
No phone. No pool. No pets. No cigarettes. Ultimate freedom... No longer to be poisoned by civilization, he flees, and walks alone upon the land to become Lost in the Wild. - Christopher McCandless
Freedom and justice cannot be parceled out in pieces to suit political convenience. I don't believe you can stand for freedom for one group of people and deny it to others. - Coretta Scott King
What then is freedom? The power to live as one wishes. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
Without freedom of thought, there can be no such thing as wisdom - and no such thing as public liberty without freedom of speech. - Benjamin Franklin
Freedom is the open window through which pours the sunlight of the human spirit and human dignity. - Herbert Hoover
Shall I tell you what the real evil is? To cringe to the things that are called evils, to surrender to them our freedom, in defiance of which we ought to face any suffering. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
A big part of financial freedom is having your heart and mind free from worry about the what-ifs of life. - Suze Orman
We, the People, recognize that we have responsibilities as well as rights; that our destinies are bound together; that a freedom which only asks what's in it for me, a freedom without a commitment to others, a freedom without love or charity or duty or patriotism, is unworthy of our founding ideals, and those who died in their defense. - Barack Obama
Human rights, of course, must include the right to religious freedom, understood as the expression of a dimension that is at once individual and communitarian - a vision that brings out the unity of the person while clearly distinguishing between the dimension of the citizen and that of the believer. - Pope Benedict XVI
Instead of trying to make your life perfect, give yourself the freedom to make it an adventure, and go ever upward. - Drew Houston

43
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it. - Hubert H. Humphrey
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness. - Euripides
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses. - Ann Landers
One of the most beautiful qualities of true friendship is to understand and to be understood. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
There is nothing on this earth more to be prized than true friendship. - Thomas Aquinas
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love. - Hubert H. Humphrey
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light. - Helen Keller
I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun. - Charles R. Swindoll
Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace. - Christie Brinkley
My best friend is the one who brings out the best in me. - Henry Ford
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone. - Orson Welles
Friends are the siblings God never gave us. - Mencius
A real friend is one who walks in when the rest of the world walks out. - Walter Winchell
Friendship is always a sweet responsibility, never an opportunity. - Khalil Gibran
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success! - Doug Larson
The friend in my adversity I shall always cherish most. I can better trust those who helped to relieve the gloom of my dark hours than those who are so ready to enjoy with me the sunshine of my prosperity. - Ulysses S. Grant
Do I not destroy my enemies when I make them my friends? - Abraham Lincoln
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing. - Baltasar Gracian
Things are never quite as scary when you've got a best friend. - Bill Watterson
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day. - John Wooden
Remember that the most valuable antiques are dear old friends. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
A single rose can be my garden... a single friend, my world. - Leo Buscaglia
Friendship... is not something you learn in school. But if you haven't learned the meaning of friendship, you really haven't learned anything. - Muhammad Ali
I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend. - Thomas Jefferson
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages. - Friedrich Nietzsche

44
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. - Elbert Hubbard
To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone. - Reba McEntire
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar. - Abraham Lincoln
There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments. - Chris Rock
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do. - Isaac Asimov
Always remember that you are absolutely unique. Just like everyone else. - Margaret Mead
A day without sunshine is like, you know, night. - Steve Martin
If women ran the world we wouldn't have wars, just intense negotiations every 28 days. - Robin Williams
I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. - Winston Churchill
Everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else. - Will Rogers
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. - Jim Carrey
From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere. - Dr. Seuss
I love deadlines. I like the whooshing sound they make as they fly by. - Douglas Adams
I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong. - Bertrand Russell
Age is something that doesn't matter, unless you are a cheese. - Luis Bunuel
I can resist everything except temptation. - Oscar Wilde
My fake plants died because I did not pretend to water them. - Mitch Hedberg
We are all here on earth to help others; what on earth the others are here for I don't know. - W. H. Auden
If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late. - Henny Youngman
Laugh and the world laughs with you, snore and you sleep alone. - Anthony Burgess
Get your facts first, then you can distort them as you please. - Mark Twain
Go to Heaven for the climate, Hell for the company. - Mark Twain
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city. - George Burns
Roses are red, violets are blue, I'm schizophrenic, and so am I. - Oscar Levant
I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific. - Lily Tomlin
Laziness is nothing more than the habit of resting before you get tired. - Jules Renard

45
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth. - Bradley Whitford
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. - Jim Rohn
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored. - Earl Nightingale
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. - Buddha
Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today. - Malcolm X
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality. - Malala Yousafzai
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams. - Eleanor Roosevelt
It is not in the stars to hold our destiny but in ourselves. - William Shakespeare
You cannot escape the responsibility of tomorrow by evading it today. - Abraham Lincoln
Teaching is a very noble profession that shapes the character, caliber, and future of an individual. If the people remember me as a good teacher, that will be the biggest honour for me. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Nobody can predict the future. You just have to give your all to the relationship you're in and do your best to take care of your partner, communicate and give them every last drop of love you have. I think one of the most important things in a relationship is caring for your significant other through good times and bad. - Nick Cannon
All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose. - Brian Tracy
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power. - Unknown
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. - Thomas Jefferson
Change is the law of life. And those who look only to the past or present are certain to miss the future. - John F. Kennedy
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life. - Steve Jobs
Our human compassion binds us the one to the other - not in pity or patronizingly, but as human beings who have learnt how to turn our common suffering into hope for the future. - Nelson Mandela
The most important thing about global warming is this. Whether humans are responsible for the bulk of climate change is going to be left to the scientists, but it's all of our responsibility to leave this planet in better shape for the future generations than we found it. - Mike Huckabee
America's future will be determined by the home and the school. The child becomes largely what he is taught; hence we must watch what we teach, and how we live. - Jane Addams
Only you can control your future. - Dr. Seuss
Planning is bringing the future into the present so that you can do something about it now. - Alan Lakein
Yesterday's the past, tomorrow's the future, but today is a gift. That's why it's called the present. - Bil Keane
Go for it now. The future is promised to no one. - Wayne Dyer
When I look into the future, it's so bright it burns my eyes. - Oprah Winfrey
The clear and present danger of climate change means we cannot burn our way to prosperity. We already rely too heavily on fossil fuels. We need to find a new, sustainable path to the future we want. We need a clean industrial revolution. - Ban Ki-moon
Keep looking up! I learn from the past, dream about the future and look up. There's nothing like a beautiful sunset to end a healthy day. - Rachel Boston

46
Flowers always make people better, happier, and more helpful; they are sunshine, food and medicine for the soul. - Luther Burbank
You can cut all the flowers but you cannot keep spring from coming. - Pablo Neruda
What is a weed? A plant whose virtues have never been discovered. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Weeds are flowers too, once you get to know them. - A. A. Milne
The flower that smells the sweetest is shy and lowly. - William Wordsworth
It is only the farmer who faithfully plants seeds in the Spring, who reaps a harvest in the Autumn. - B. C. Forbes
In the spring, at the end of the day, you should smell like dirt. - Margaret Atwood
If you have a garden and a library, you have everything you need. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
The glory of gardening: hands in the dirt, head in the sun, heart with nature. To nurture a garden is to feed not just on the body, but the soul. - Alfred Austin
I have an armchair interest in gardening, but I don't like to get my knees dirty. I don't have a garden. - Nick Cave
Weather means more when you have a garden. There's nothing like listening to a shower and thinking how it is soaking in around your green beans. - Marcelene Cox
A weed is a plant that has mastered every survival skill except for learning how to grow in rows. - Doug Larson
Help us to be ever faithful gardeners of the spirit, who know that without darkness nothing comes to birth, and without light nothing flowers. - May Sarton
The flower which is single need not envy the thorns that are numerous. - Rabindranath Tagore
From plants that wake when others sleep, from timid jasmine buds that keep their odour to themselves all day, but when the sunlight dies away let the delicious secret out to every breeze that roams about. - Thomas Moore
Against her ankles as she trod The lucky buttercups did nod. - Jean Ingelow
One of the least arduous but most productive of gardening jobs, the magic of deadheading never fails to delight me. It was a revelation when the principle was explained to me: that flowers are the attempt by the plant to reproduce itself. So if you cut the heads off before the flower turns into seeds, the plant will continue to flower. - Tom Hodgkinson
I could happily lean on a gate all the livelong day, chatting to passers-by about the wind and the rain. I do a lot of gate-leaning while I am supposed to be gardening; instead of hoeing, I lean on the gate, stare at the vegetable beds and ponder. - Tom Hodgkinson
In search of my mother's garden, I found my own. - Alice Walker
A flower falls, even though we love it; and a weed grows, even though we do not love it. - Dogen
Isn't it enough to see that a garden is beautiful without having to believe that there are fairies at the bottom of it too? - Douglas Adams
A weed is but an unloved flower. - Ella Wheeler Wilcox
God Almighty first planted a garden. And indeed, it is the purest of human pleasures. - Francis Bacon
Remember that children, marriages, and flower gardens reflect the kind of care they get. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
I think this is what hooks one to gardening: it is the closest one can come to being present at creation. - Phyllis Theroux
My passion for gardening may strike some as selfish, or merely an act of resignation in the face of overwhelming problems that beset the world. It is neither. I have found that each garden is just what Voltaire proposed in Candide: a microcosm of a just and beautiful society. - Andrew Weil

47
After women, flowers are the most lovely thing God has given the world. - Christian Dior
I just find myself happy with the simple things. Appreciating the blessings God gave me. - DMX
I believe if you keep your faith, you keep your trust, you keep the right attitude, if you're grateful, you'll see God open up new doors. - Joel Osteen
Friends are the siblings God never gave us. - Mencius
Next to the Word of God, the noble art of music is the greatest treasure in the world. - Martin Luther
Do not let your hearts be troubled. Trust in God; trust also in me. - Jesus Christ
God never ends anything on a negative; God always ends on a positive. - Edwin Louis Cole
Christmas is the perfect time to celebrate the love of God and family and to create memories that will last forever. Jesus is God's perfect, indescribable gift. The amazing thing is that not only are we able to receive this gift, but we are able to share it with others on Christmas and every other day of the year. - Joel Osteen
Many times, the decisions we make affect and hurt your closest friends and family the most. I have a lot of regrets in that regard. But God has forgiven me, which I am very thankful for. It has enabled me to forgive myself and move forward one day at a time. - Lex Luger
You don't choose your family. They are God's gift to you, as you are to them. - Desmond Tutu
I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best. - Walt Whitman
The Bible is one of the greatest blessings bestowed by God on the children of men. It has God for its author; salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture for its matter. It is all pure. - John Locke
Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays. - Soren Kierkegaard
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us. - Thomas Paine
Your talent is God's gift to you. What you do with it is your gift back to God. - Leo Buscaglia
We need to find God, and he cannot be found in noise and restlessness. God is the friend of silence. See how nature - trees, flowers, grass- grows in silence; see the stars, the moon and the sun, how they move in silence... We need silence to be able to touch souls. - Mother Teresa
So many times, people told me I can't do this or can't do that. My nature is that I don't listen very well. I'm very determined, and I believe in myself. My parents brought me up that way. Thank God for that. I don't let anything stand in my way. - Chantal Sutherland
I'm blessed and I thank God for every day for everything that happens for me. - Lil Wayne
God cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing. - C. S. Lewis
We are never defeated unless we give up on God. - Ronald Reagan
God gave us the gift of life; it is up to us to give ourselves the gift of living well. - Voltaire
Don't ever criticize yourself. Don't go around all day long thinking, 'I'm unattractive, I'm slow, I'm not as smart as my brother.' God wasn't having a bad day when he made you... If you don't love yourself in the right way, you can't love your neighbour. You can't be as good as you are supposed to be. - Joel Osteen
When you focus on being a blessing, God makes sure that you are always blessed in abundance. - Joel Osteen
Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for God knows best what is good for us. - Socrates
Sometimes we may ask God for success, and He gives us physical and mental stamina. We might plead for prosperity, and we receive enlarged perspective and increased patience, or we petition for growth and are blessed with the gift of grace. He may bestow upon us conviction and confidence as we strive to achieve worthy goals. - David A. Bednar
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present. - Joan Rivers

48
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best. - St. Jerome
Love myself I do. Not everything, but I love the good as well as the bad. I love my crazy lifestyle, and I love my hard discipline. I love my freedom of speech and the way my eyes get dark when I'm tired. I love that I have learned to trust people with my heart, even if it will get broken. I am proud of everything that I am and will become. - Johnny Weir
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses. - Ann Landers
Some days are just bad days, that's all. You have to experience sadness to know happiness, and I remind myself that not every day is going to be a good day, that's just the way it is! - Dita Von Teese
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him. - Buddha
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning. - Brad Henry
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge. - Bertrand Russell
No man has a good enough memory to be a successful liar. - Abraham Lincoln
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them. - Steve Jobs
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Teaching is a very noble profession that shapes the character, caliber, and future of an individual. If the people remember me as a good teacher, that will be the biggest honour for me. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain. - Bob Marley
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone. - Audrey Hepburn
You have enemies? Good. That means you've stood up for something, sometime in your life. - Winston Churchill
Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that's very important for good health. - Dalai Lama
Nobody can predict the future. You just have to give your all to the relationship you're in and do your best to take care of your partner, communicate and give them every last drop of love you have. I think one of the most important things in a relationship is caring for your significant other through good times and bad. - Nick Cannon
Your diet is a bank account. Good food choices are good investments. - Bethenny Frankel
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do. - Mother Teresa
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. - Andy Warhol
There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage. - Martin Luther
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. - Edmund Burke
The care of human life and happiness, and not their destruction, is the first and only object of good government. - Thomas Jefferson
I am as bad as the worst, but, thank God, I am as good as the best. - Walt Whitman
True friendship multiplies the good in life and divides its evils. Strive to have friends, for life without friends is like life on a desert island... to find one real friend in a lifetime is good fortune; to keep him is a blessing. - Baltasar Gracian
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day. - John Wooden
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble. - Shah Rukh Khan

49
The care of human life and happiness, and not their destruction, is the first and only object of good government. - Thomas Jefferson
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter. - Winston Churchill
Let us never forget that government is ourselves and not an alien power over us. The ultimate rulers of our democracy are not a President and senators and congressmen and government officials, but the voters of this country. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Government's first duty is to protect the people, not run their lives. - Ronald Reagan
We have to be bold in our national ambitions. First, we must win the fight against poverty within the next decade. Second, we must improve moral standards in government and society to provide a strong foundation for good governance. Third, we must change the character of our politics to promote fertile ground for reforms. - Gloria Macapagal Arroyo
No man is good enough to govern another man without the other's consent. - Abraham Lincoln
One of the key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace, good people don't go into government. - Donald Trump
People are so docile right now. It is almost as if good government means when the politicians lie to us for our own good, for the public good, and bad government is when politicians lie for their own selfish interests. - James Bovard
The best defense against usurpatory government is an assertive citizenry. - William F. Buckley, Jr.
I can't in good conscience allow the U.S. government to destroy privacy, internet freedom and basic liberties for people around the world with this massive surveillance machine they're secretly building. - Edward Snowden
Real patriotism is a willingness to challenge the government when it's wrong. - Ron Paul
Relying on the government to protect your privacy is like asking a peeping tom to install your window blinds. - John Perry Barlow
The world runs on individuals pursuing their self interests. The great achievements of civilization have not come from government bureaus. Einstein didn't construct his theory under order from a, from a bureaucrat. Henry Ford didn't revolutionize the automobile industry that way. - Milton Friedman
How can anyone govern a nation that has two hundred and forty-six different kinds of cheese? - Charles de Gaulle
Our government... teaches the whole people by its example. If the government becomes the lawbreaker, it breeds contempt for law; it invites every man to become a law unto himself; it invites anarchy. - Louis D. Brandeis
The government solution to a problem is usually as bad as the problem. - Milton Friedman
When I am abroad, I always make it a rule never to criticize or attack the government of my own country. I make up for lost time when I come home. - Winston Churchill
The benefits of education and of useful knowledge, generally diffused through a community, are essential to the preservation of a free government. - Sam Houston
The universe never did make sense; I suspect it was built on government contract. - Robert A. Heinlein
There'd never been a more advantageous time to be a criminal in America than during the 13 years of Prohibition. At a stroke, the American government closed down the fifth largest industry in the United States - alcohol production - and just handed it to criminals - a pretty remarkable thing to do. - Bill Bryson
Unless your government is respectable, foreigners will invade your rights; and to maintain tranquillity, it must be respectable - even to observe neutrality, you must have a strong government. - Alexander Hamilton
To establish any mode to abolish war, however advantageous it might be to Nations, would be to take from such Government the most lucrative of its branches. - Thomas Paine
The control of information is something the elite always does, particularly in a despotic form of government. Information, knowledge, is power. If you can control information, you can control people. - Tom Clancy
If the great American people will only keep their temper, on both sides of the line, the troubles will come to an end, and the question which now distracts the country will be settled just as surely as all other difficulties of like character which have originated in this government have been adjusted. - Abraham Lincoln
Nationalism is an infantile disease. It is the measles of mankind. - Albert Einstein
A little group of willful men, representing no opinion but their own, have rendered the great government of the United States helpless and contemptible. - Woodrow Wilson

50
Life is the most exciting opportunity we have. But we have one shot. You graduate from college once, and that's it. You're going out of that nest. And you have to find that courage that's deep, deep, deep in there. Every step of the way. - Andrew Shue
God wants us to know that life is a series of beginnings, not endings. Just as graduations are not terminations, but commencements. Creation is an ongoing process, and when we create a perfect world where love and compassion are shared by all, suffering will cease. - Bernie Siegel
Earlier today, Arnold Schwarzenegger criticized the California school system, calling it disastrous. Arnold says California's schools are so bad that its graduates are willing to vote for me. - Conan O'Brien
My father, who was from a wealthy family and highly educated, a lawyer, Yale and Columbia, walked out with the benefit of a healthy push from my mother, a seventh grade graduate, who took a typing course and got a secretarial job as fast as she could. - George Weinberg
It is virtually impossible to compete in today's global economy without a college degree. - Bobby Scott
You are educated. Your certification is in your degree. You may think of it as the ticket to the good life. Let me ask you to think of an alternative. Think of it as your ticket to change the world. - Tom Brokaw
I took three years off. I differentiated myself from the industry. Found my identity - sort of... I haven't graduated yet. I'm not legitimately educated yet, but maybe one day. - Claire Danes
Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, others just gargle. - Robert Anthony
All real education is the architecture of the soul. - William Bennett
You know what has made me the happiest I've ever been? Seeing my son and daughter graduate from college. More than wanting them to be educated, I wanted them to be nice people. To see that they have become both is just a wonderful thing. - Gil Scott-Heron
I went to my son's graduation this weekend, and I heard a great quote I've never heard before from Albert Einstein. It was that the greatest danger to the world is not the bad people but it's the good people who don't speak out. - Hamilton Jordan
I have a 4-year-old and a 14-year-old, and think I missed a recital and a graduation, and they were like 'It's OK mommy, we'll take pictures.' It was my upset, though... they were just fine! I just give them a kiss and a hug and let them know that I love them every day. - Kimberly Quinn
My mother was keen that I complete my graduation and never ever wanted me to be in the movies, as my father had made five films that lost money. One of the films he made was 'Agneepath,' which was hugely hyped but underwhelming at the box office, and I remember that my dad had to sell my grandmother's flat to pay off the loan. - Karan Johar
I grew up very differently than a lot of other people in my hometown in Mississippi. But I can't imagine my life any other way. I flew home and surprised my best friend at his graduation, and I remember turning to my mom and saying, 'My graduation was so much cooler than this.' I had Melissa Joan Hart give my commencement speech. - Taylor Spreitler
After graduation, I wanted to work for 'Sassy', which I loved, but it had folded. So I wound up at 'Seventeen' for three years on staff and two as a contributor, and I wrote these great stories that nobody ever believes 'Seventeen' does. Serious stories for teens about social justice issues - gun control, migrant farm workers. - Gayle Forman
We don't stop going to school when we graduate. - Carol Burnett
When I was going for my graduate degree, I decided I was going to make a feature film as my thesis. That's what I was famous for-that I had my thesis film be a feature film, which was 'You're a Big Boy Now.' - Francis Ford Coppola
When nearly a third of our high school students do not graduate on time with their peers, we have work to do. We must design our middle and high schools so that no student gets lost in the crowd and disconnected from his or her own potential. - Christine Gregoire
I don't look to find an educated person in the ranks of university graduates, necessarily. Some of the most educated people I know have never been near a university. - John Keegan
The idea of winning a doctor's degree gradually assumed the aspect of a great moral struggle, and the moral fight possessed immense attraction for me. - Elizabeth Blackwell
Even though I disagree with many of the changes, when I see the privates graduate at the end of the day, when they walk off that drill field at the end of the ceremony, they are still fine privates; outstanding, well motivated privates. - R. Lee Ermey
When I was a graduate student, the leading spirits at Harvard were interested in the history of ideas. - M. H. Abrams
Some go on to trade schools or get further training for jobs they are interested in. Some go into the arts, some are craftsmen, some take a little time out to travel, and some start their own businesses. But our graduates find and work at what they want to do. - Daniel Greenberg
I teach one semester a year, and this year I'm just teaching one course during that semester, a writing workshop for older students in their late 20s and early 30s, people in our graduate program who are already working on a manuscript and trying to bring it to completion. - Tobias Wolff
The morning after my high-school graduation found me up early job hunting. The dream of college I put on the back burner. - Martha Reeves
If a student takes the whole series of my folklore courses including the graduate seminars, he or she should learn something about fieldwork, something about bibliography, something about how to carry out library research, and something about how to publish that research. - Alan Dundes

51
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. - Steve Jobs
Great things in business are never done by one person. They're done by a team of people. - Steve Jobs
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. - Harriet Tubman
People who think they know everything are a great annoyance to those of us who do. - Isaac Asimov
There are two great days in a person's life - the day we are born and the day we discover why. - William Barclay
I've learned that fear limits you and your vision. It serves as blinders to what may be just a few steps down the road for you. The journey is valuable, but believing in your talents, your abilities, and your self-worth can empower you to walk down an even brighter path. Transforming fear into freedom - how great is that? - Soledad O'Brien
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Behind every great man is a woman rolling her eyes. - Jim Carrey
Do the difficult things while they are easy and do the great things while they are small. A journey of a thousand miles must begin with a single step. - Lao Tzu
The price of greatness is responsibility. - Winston Churchill
Silence is a source of great strength. - Lao Tzu
To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Never stop fighting until you arrive at your destined place - that is, the unique you. Have an aim in life, continuously acquire knowledge, work hard, and have perseverance to realise the great life. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
Great things are done by a series of small things brought together. - Vincent Van Gogh
Sometimes I wish that I could go into a time machine right now and just look at my self and say, 'Calm down. Things are gonna be fine. Things are gonna be all great. Just relax.' - Tristan Wilds
On some great and glorious day the plain folks of the land will reach their heart's desire at last, and the White House will be adorned by a downright moron. - H. L. Mencken
We will make America strong again. We will make America proud again. We will make America safe again. And we will make America great again. - Donald Trump
I love a man with a great sense of humor and who is intelligent - a man who has a great smile. He has to make me laugh. I like a man who is very ambitious and driven and who has a good heart and makes me feel safe. I like a man who is very strong and independent and confident - that is very sexy - but at the same time, he's very kind to people. - Nicole Scherzinger
No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. - Andrew Carnegie
Life is either a great adventure or nothing. - Helen Keller
It's sad to know I'm done. But looking back, I've got a lot of great memories. - Bonnie Blair
A little thought and a little kindness are often worth more than a great deal of money. - John Ruskin
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires. - William Arthur Ward
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you. - Maya Angelou
My mother had a great deal of trouble with me, but I think she enjoyed it. - Mark Twain
Beware of little expenses. A small leak will sink a great ship. - Benjamin Franklin

52
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved. - George Sand
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it. - Kevyn Aucoin
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness. - Euripides
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. - Jim Rohn
Some days are just bad days, that's all. You have to experience sadness to know happiness, and I remind myself that not every day is going to be a good day, that's just the way it is! - Dita Von Teese
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. - Albert Schweitzer
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him. - Buddha
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Let us never know what old age is. Let us know the happiness time brings, not count the years. - Ausonius
A smile is happiness you'll find right under your nose. - Tom Wilson
Be happy for this moment. This moment is your life. - Omar Khayyam
Happiness is a choice. You can choose to be happy. There's going to be stress in life, but it's your choice whether you let it affect you or not. - Valerie Bertinelli
Every day is a new day, and you'll never be able to find happiness if you don't move on. - Carrie Underwood
Thousands of candles can be lighted from a single candle, and the life of the candle will not be shortened. Happiness never decreases by being shared. - Buddha
The best way to pay for a lovely moment is to enjoy it. - Richard Bach
The care of human life and happiness, and not their destruction, is the first and only object of good government. - Thomas Jefferson
A grateful heart is a beginning of greatness. It is an expression of humility. It is a foundation for the development of such virtues as prayer, faith, courage, contentment, happiness, love, and well-being. - James E. Faust
I don't have to chase extraordinary moments to find happiness - it's right in front of me if I'm paying attention and practicing gratitude. - Brene Brown
Happiness is when what you think, what you say, and what you do are in harmony. - Mahatma Gandhi
We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. - Thomas Jefferson
If you want others to be happy, practice compassion. If you want to be happy, practice compassion. - Dalai Lama
Happiness radiates like the fragrance from a flower and draws all good things towards you. - Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
It is not how much we have, but how much we enjoy, that makes happiness. - Charles Spurgeon
Happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city. - George Burns
God cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing. - C. S. Lewis

53
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him. - Buddha
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. - Buddha
Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that's very important for good health. - Dalai Lama
Saving our planet, lifting people out of poverty, advancing economic growth... these are one and the same fight. We must connect the dots between climate change, water scarcity, energy shortages, global health, food security and women's empowerment. Solutions to one problem must be solutions for all. - Ban Ki-moon
I believe that the greatest gift you can give your family and the world is a healthy you. - Joyce Meyer
To enjoy the glow of good health, you must exercise. - Gene Tunney
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul. - John Muir
It is health that is real wealth and not pieces of gold and silver. - Mahatma Gandhi
Water is life, and clean water means health. - Audrey Hepburn
Countries with higher levels of gender equality have higher economic growth. Companies with more women on their boards have higher returns. Peace agreements that include women are more successful. Parliaments with more women take up a wider range of issues - including health, education, anti-discrimination, and child support. - Ban Ki-moon
All mankind... being all equal and independent, no one ought to harm another in his life, health, liberty or possessions. - John Locke
Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory. - Albert Schweitzer
A healthy attitude is contagious but don't wait to catch it from others. Be a carrier. - Tom Stoppard
Studies have shown that inmate participation in education, vocational and job training, prison work skills development, drug abuse, mental health and other treatment programs, all reduce recidivism, significantly. - Bobby Scott
The art of healing comes from nature, not from the physician. Therefore the physician must start from nature, with an open mind. - Paracelsus
Without health life is not life; it is only a state of langour and suffering - an image of death. - Buddha
A good job is more than just a paycheck. A good job fosters independence and discipline, and contributes to the health of the community. A good job is a means to provide for the health and welfare of your family, to own a home, and save for retirement. - James H. Douglas, Jr.
Sleep is that golden chain that ties health and our bodies together. - Thomas Dekker
To keep the body in good health is a duty... otherwise we shall not be able to keep our mind strong and clear. - Buddha
Natural forces within us are the true healers of disease. - Hippocrates
You can't afford to get sick, and you can't depend on the present health care system to keep you well. It's up to you to protect and maintain your body's innate capacity for health and healing by making the right choices in how you live. - Andrew Weil
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy and wise. - Benjamin Franklin
Health is not valued till sickness comes. - Thomas Fuller
Healing is a matter of time, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity. - Hippocrates
Therefore in medicine we ought to know the causes of sickness and health. - Avicenna
Getting kids moving is a key factor in tackling obesity and health problems among the young. - Magnus Scheving

54
A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots. - Marcus Garvey
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Confucius
I like the dreams of the future better than the history of the past. - Thomas Jefferson
We are not makers of history. We are made by history. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
You may not always have a comfortable life and you will not always be able to solve all of the world's problems at once but don't ever underestimate the importance you can have because history has shown us that courage can be contagious and hope can take on a life of its own. - Michelle Obama
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death. - Robert Fulghum
Those who do not remember the past are condemned to repeat it. - George Santayana
The very ink with which history is written is merely fluid prejudice. - Mark Twain
Yesterday is history, tomorrow is a mystery, today is God's gift, that's why we call it the present. - Joan Rivers
History repeats itself, first as tragedy, second as farce. - Karl Marx
A small body of determined spirits fired by an unquenchable faith in their mission can alter the course of history. - Mahatma Gandhi
History is a set of lies agreed upon. - Napoleon Bonaparte
If past history was all there was to the game, the richest people would be librarians. - Warren Buffett
Ideas shape the course of history. - John Maynard Keynes
The point in history at which we stand is full of promise and danger. The world will either move forward toward unity and widely shared prosperity - or it will move apart. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
I came, I saw, I conquered. - Julius Caesar
You may write me down in history with your bitter, twisted lines. You may trod me in the very dirt, but still, like dust, I'll rise. - Maya Angelou
Observe good faith and justice toward all nations. Cultivate peace and harmony with all. - George Washington
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better. - Harry S Truman
I don't want a Black History Month. Black history is American history. - Morgan Freeman
History, despite its wrenching pain, cannot be unlived, but if faced with courage, need not be lived again. - Maya Angelou
You must pursue this investigation of Watergate even if it leads to the president. I'm innocent. You've got to believe I'm innocent. If you don't, take my job. - Richard M. Nixon
I come into the peace of wild things who do not tax their lives with forethought of grief... For a time I rest in the grace of the world, and am free. - Wendell Berry
He who puts out his hand to stop the wheel of history will have his fingers crushed. - Lech Walesa
Books are the carriers of civilization. Without books, history is silent, literature dumb, science crippled, thought and speculation at a standstill. - Barbara Tuchman
It is possible to read the history of this country as one long struggle to extend the liberties established in our Constitution to everyone in America. - Molly Ivins

55
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. - Dale Carnegie
Where we love is home - home that our feet may leave, but not our hearts. - Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.
Love begins at home, and it is not how much we do... but how much love we put in that action. - Mother Teresa
The American Dream is one of success, home ownership, college education for one's children, and have a secure job to provide these and other goals. - Leonard Boswell
Growing up in a group home, and with an undiagnosed learning disability to boot, the odds of success were not on my side. But when I joined the high school football team, I learned the value of discipline, focus, persistence, and teamwork - all skills that have proven vital to my career as a C.E.O. and social entrepreneur. - Darell Hammond
America's future will be determined by the home and the school. The child becomes largely what he is taught; hence we must watch what we teach, and how we live. - Jane Addams
Home is the place where, when you have to go there, they have to take you in. - Robert Frost
Every day is a journey, and the journey itself is home. - Matsuo Basho
Home is where you feel at home and are treated well. - Dalai Lama
A good job is more than just a paycheck. A good job fosters independence and discipline, and contributes to the health of the community. A good job is a means to provide for the health and welfare of your family, to own a home, and save for retirement. - James H. Douglas, Jr.
Life changes when you have a child, when you have your own family. You become more careful about what you do. You're not going to be out late, going out to clubs, hanging out with your friends. You're going to be at home, taking care of your daughter, playing with her. - Paul Pierce
Let the wife make the husband glad to come home, and let him make her sorry to see him leave. - Martin Luther
If you go anywhere, even paradise, you will miss your home. - Malala Yousafzai
If I don't feel confident about my body, I'm not going to sit at home and feel sorry for myself and not do something about it. It's all about taking action and not being lazy. So you do the work, whether it's fitness or whatever. It's about getting up, motivating yourself and just doing it. - Kim Kardashian
We are a country where people of all backgrounds, all nations of origin, all languages, all religions, all races, can make a home. America was built by immigrants. - Hillary Clinton
Theatre was my first love. I can't take the theatre out of me. And I wouldn't want to. To me, it's home. - Jim Parsons
The deepest change begins with men raising children as much as women do and women being equal actors in the world outside the home. There are many ways of supporting that, from something as simple as paid sick leave and flexible work hours to attributing an economic value to all caregiving and making that amount tax deductible. - Gloria Steinem
Land is the secure ground of home, the sea is like life, the outside, the unknown. - Stephen Gardiner
I ran away from home. I ran away from St. Louis, and then I ran away from the United States of America, because of that terror of discrimination, that horrible beast which paralyzes one's very soul and body. - Josephine Baker
I tentatively believe in a god. I was brought up in a fairly religious home. I think the world is compatible with reincarnation, karma, all that stuff. - Bjorn Lomborg
Childhood obesity is best tackled at home through improved parental involvement, increased physical exercise, better diet and restraint from eating. - Bob Filner
The more one does and sees and feels, the more one is able to do, and the more genuine may be one's appreciation of fundamental things like home, and love, and understanding companionship. - Amelia Earhart
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs and returns home to find it. - George A. Moore
The idea of prosthetics is a tool. Most people's cell phones are prosthetics. If you leave your cell phone at home, you feel impacted by not having it. It's an important part of your daily function and what you can do in a day. - Aimee Mullins
Home computers are being called upon to perform many new functions, including the consumption of homework formerly eaten by the dog. - Doug Larson
When I am abroad, I always make it a rule never to criticize or attack the government of my own country. I make up for lost time when I come home. - Winston Churchill

56
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. - Helen Keller
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth. - Bradley Whitford
Stay positive and happy. Work hard and don't give up hope. Be open to criticism and keep learning. Surround yourself with happy, warm and genuine people. - Tena Desae
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning. - Brad Henry
Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness. - Desmond Tutu
We must accept finite disappointment, but never lose infinite hope. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow. The important thing is not to stop questioning. - Albert Einstein
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope. - Maya Angelou
All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother. - Abraham Lincoln
Our human compassion binds us the one to the other - not in pity or patronizingly, but as human beings who have learnt how to turn our common suffering into hope for the future. - Nelson Mandela
You may not always have a comfortable life and you will not always be able to solve all of the world's problems at once but don't ever underestimate the importance you can have because history has shown us that courage can be contagious and hope can take on a life of its own. - Michelle Obama
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death. - Robert Fulghum
There was never a night or a problem that could defeat sunrise or hope. - Bernard Williams
Our uniqueness, our individuality, and our life experience molds us into fascinating beings. I hope we can embrace that. I pray we may all challenge ourselves to delve into the deepest resources of our hearts to cultivate an atmosphere of understanding, acceptance, tolerance, and compassion. We are all in this life together. - Linda Thompson
We talk a lot about hope, helping, and teamwork. Our whole message is that we are more powerful together. - Victoria Osteen
It is my goal to love everyone. I hate no one. Regardless of their race, religion, their proclivities, the desire of their heart and how they want to live their life and the decisions that they make. I can even respect people's decisions and lifestyle choices just as I hope they have the courtesy to respect my decisions and my choices. - Kirk Cameron
Survival was my only hope, success my only revenge. - Patricia Cornwell
Each time a man stands up for an ideal, or acts to improve the lot of others, or strikes out against injustice, he sends forth a tiny ripple of hope, and crossing each other from a million different centers of energy and daring, those ripples build a current that can sweep down the mightiest walls of oppression and resistance. - Robert Kennedy
Your ordinary acts of love and hope point to the extraordinary promise that every human life is of inestimable value. - Desmond Tutu
Hope is the thing with feathers that perches in the soul - and sings the tunes without the words - and never stops at all. - Emily Dickinson
The United Nations is our one great hope for a peaceful and free world. - Ralph Bunche
Feelings aroused by the touch of someone's hand, the sound of music, the smell of a flower, a beautiful sunset, a work of art, love, laughter, hope and faith - all work on both the unconscious and the conscious aspects of the self, and they have physiological consequences as well. - Bernie Siegel
Beware how you take away hope from another human being. - Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. - Abraham Lincoln
Black and white are the colors of photography. To me they symbolize the alternatives of hope and despair to which mankind is forever subjected. - Robert Frank
If I can have the opportunity to go into an editing room, it's like the golden ticket for me. All I want is to learn about everything else in the filmmaking process. I just directed a music video which just came out and that'd sort of be the area of the field that I'm going to move into, I hope. - Nikki Reed

57
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style. - Maya Angelou
Everything is funny, as long as it's happening to somebody else. - Will Rogers
From there to here, and here to there, funny things are everywhere. - Dr. Seuss
I love a man with a great sense of humor and who is intelligent - a man who has a great smile. He has to make me laugh. I like a man who is very ambitious and driven and who has a good heart and makes me feel safe. I like a man who is very strong and independent and confident - that is very sexy - but at the same time, he's very kind to people. - Nicole Scherzinger
A day without laughter is a day wasted. - Charlie Chaplin
Like a welcome summer rain, humor may suddenly cleanse and cool the earth, the air and you. - Langston Hughes
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with. - W. C. Fields
Laughter is the closest distance between two people. - Victor Borge
I don't need someone with a hot body. He can be fat or overweight and have a belly. It's very much about style and substance and humor, interest, curiosity and really being smart. - Kate Walsh
So once I thought of the villain with a sense of humor, I began to think of a name and the name "the Joker" immediately came to mind. There was the association with the Joker in the deck of cards, and I probably yelled literally, 'Eureka!' because I knew I had the name and the image at the same time. - Jerry Robinson
I'm not funny. What I am is brave. - Lucille Ball
Kindness and a generous spirit go a long way. And a sense of humor. It's like medicine - very healing. - Max Irons
Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family. - Madonna Ciccone
Humor is just another defense against the universe. - Mel Brooks
In a way, a lot of my humor comes from presenting things that are dramatic or shocking and then people not having socially appropriate responses, having people denying the drama by failing to react to it, and that's a really classic form of humor. - Chuck Palahniuk
Humor is the first of the gifts to perish in a foreign tongue. - Virginia Woolf
I'll speak for myself, but there's a lot of humor to be found in sarcasm and darkness. You talk to any paramedic, they survive by developing a pretty off-kilter sense of humor. - Nicolas Cage
Humor is a serious thing. I like to think of it as one of our greatest earliest natural resources, which must be preserved at all cost. - James Thurber
Humor is the affectionate communication of insight. - Leo Rosten
Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious. - Peter Ustinov
Impropriety is the soul of wit. - W. Somerset Maugham
Good humor is a tonic for mind and body. It is the best antidote for anxiety and depression. It is a business asset. It attracts and keeps friends. It lightens human burdens. It is the direct route to serenity and contentment. - Grenville Kleiser
I don't think it's possible to have a sense of tragedy without having a sense of humor. - Christopher Hitchens
Humour is the weapon of unarmed people: it helps people who are oppressed to smile at the situation that pains them. - Simon Wiesenthal
Humor is always based on a modicum of truth. Have you ever heard a joke about a father-in-law? - Dick Clark
In truth, politeness is artificial good humor, it covers the natural want of it, and ends by rendering habitual a substitute nearly equivalent to the real virtue. - Thomas Jefferson

58
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning. - Brad Henry
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination. - Albert Einstein
All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose. - Brian Tracy
This world is but a canvas to our imagination. - Henry David Thoreau
Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything. - Plato
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death. - Robert Fulghum
To raise new questions, new possibilities, to regard old problems from a new angle, requires creative imagination and marks real advance in science. - Albert Einstein
Logic will get you from A to B. Imagination will take you everywhere. - Albert Einstein
Without leaps of imagination, or dreaming, we lose the excitement of possibilities. Dreaming, after all, is a form of planning. - Gloria Steinem
Love is a canvas furnished by nature and embroidered by imagination. - Voltaire
The only limit to your impact is your imagination and commitment. - Tony Robbins
America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand. - Harry S Truman
You can't depend on your eyes when your imagination is out of focus. - Mark Twain
Science does not know its debt to imagination. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
There are no great limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder. - Ronald Reagan
There are lots of people who mistake their imagination for their memory. - Josh Billings
You're only given a little spark of madness. You mustn't lose it. - Robin Williams
I like nonsense; it wakes up the brain cells. - Dr. Seuss
I had a very happy childhood, but I wasn't that happy a child. I liked being alone and creating characters and voices. I think that's when your creativity is developed, when you're young. I liked the world of the imagination because it was an easy place to go to. - David Walliams
A rock pile ceases to be a rock pile the moment a single man contemplates it, bearing within him the image of a cathedral. - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
Imagination is the beginning of creation. You imagine what you desire, you will what you imagine and at last you create what you will. - George Bernard Shaw
I am enough of an artist to draw freely upon my imagination. - Albert Einstein
We cast away priceless time in dreams, born of imagination, fed upon illusion, and put to death by reality. - Judy Garland
Imagination is the true magic carpet. - Norman Vincent Peale
In the world of words, the imagination is one of the forces of nature. - Wallace Stevens
You have to really use your imagination to refresh your daily life. - Eric-Emmanuel Schmitt

59
True individual freedom cannot exist without economic security and independence. People who are hungry and out of a job are the stuff of which dictatorships are made. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
What then is freedom? The power to live as one wishes. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
A good job is more than just a paycheck. A good job fosters independence and discipline, and contributes to the health of the community. A good job is a means to provide for the health and welfare of your family, to own a home, and save for retirement. - James H. Douglas, Jr.
The greatest gifts you can give your children are the roots of responsibility and the wings of independence. - Denis Waitley
Diversity: the art of thinking independently together. - Malcolm Forbes
I think the girl who is able to earn her own living and pay her own way should be as happy as anybody on earth. The sense of independence and security is very sweet. - Susan B. Anthony
At the bottom of education, at the bottom of politics, even at the bottom of religion, there must be for our race economic independence. - Booker T. Washington
The best teamwork comes from men who are working independently toward one goal in unison. - James Cash Penney
Men say they love independence in a woman, but they don't waste a second demolishing it brick by brick. - Candice Bergen
The British were white, English, and Protestant, just as we were. They had to have some other basis on which to justify independence, and happily they were able to formulate the inalienable truths set forth in the Declaration. - Samuel P. Huntington
The four cornerstones of character on which the structure of this nation was built are: Initiative, Imagination, Individuality and Independence. - Eddie Rickenbacker
The world is independent of my will. - Ludwig Wittgenstein
Impatience is the mark of independence, not of bondage. - Marianne Moore
Independence is a heady draught, and if you drink it in your youth, it can have the same effect on the brain as young wine does. It does not matter that its taste is not always appealing. It is addictive and with each drink you want more. - Maya Angelou
Follow the path of the unsafe, independent thinker. Expose your ideas to the danger of controversy. Speak your mind and fear less the label of 'crackpot' than the stigma of conformity. - Thomas J. Watson
Work is about more than making a living, as vital as that is. It's fundamental to human dignity, to our sense of self-worth as useful, independent, free people. - William J. Clinton
We must have constantly present in our minds the difference between independence and liberty. Liberty is a right of doing whatever the laws permit, and if a citizen could do what they forbid he would no longer be possessed of liberty. - Charles de Montesquieu
The independence of the United States is not only more precious to ourselves but to the world than any single possession. - Henry Cabot Lodge
The truth is that since childhood I had cultivated an existential independence. It came from perceiving the adults around me as unreliable, and without it I felt I wouldn't have survived. I cared deeply for everyone in my family, but in the end I depended on myself. - Sonia Sotomayor
In the United States today, the Declaration of Independence hangs on schoolroom walls, but foreign policy follows Machiavelli. - Howard Zinn
Nature has never read the Declaration of Independence. It continues to make us unequal. - Will Durant
Louis Braille created the code of raised dots for reading and writing that bears his name and brings literacy, independence, and productivity to the blind. - Bob Ney
The spirit of Ubuntu, that once led Haiti to emerge as the first independent black nation in 1804, helped Venezuela, Colombia and Ecuador attain liberty, and inspired our forefathers to shed their blood for the United States' independence, cannot die. Today, this spirit of solidarity must and will empower all of us to rebuild Haiti. - Jean-Bertrand Aristide
My mom has made it possible for me to be who I am. Our family is everything. Her greatest skill was encouraging me to find my own person and own independence. - Charlize Theron
Like all of Latin America, Mexico after independence in 1821 turned its back on a triple heritage: on the Spanish heritage, because we were newly liberated colonies, and on our Indian and black heritages, because we considered them backward and barbaric. We looked towards France, England and the U.S., to become progressive democratic republics. - Carlos Fuentes
Repeal the Missouri Compromise - repeal all compromises - repeal the Declaration of Independence - repeal all past history, you still cannot repeal human nature. It will be the abundance of man's heart that slavery extension is wrong; and out of the abundance of his heart, his mouth will continue to speak. - Abraham Lincoln

60
The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us. - Joseph Campbell
The best and most beautiful things in the world cannot be seen or even touched - they must be felt with the heart. - Helen Keller
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. - Steve Jobs
Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world. - Malala Yousafzai
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. - Swami Sivananda
I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. - Jimmy Dean
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style. - Maya Angelou
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it. - Kevyn Aucoin
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'! - Audrey Hepburn
Happiness is not something you postpone for the future; it is something you design for the present. - Jim Rohn
What lies behind you and what lies in front of you, pales in comparison to what lies inside of you. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Try to be a rainbow in someone's cloud. - Maya Angelou
If opportunity doesn't knock, build a door. - Milton Berle
What we think, we become. - Buddha
Perfection is not attainable, but if we chase perfection we can catch excellence. - Vince Lombardi
Believe you can and you're halfway there. - Theodore Roosevelt
Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality. - Malala Yousafzai
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you. - Walt Whitman
As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them. - John F. Kennedy
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it. - Edith Wharton
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. - Warren Buffett
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. - Buddha
It is never too late to be what you might have been. - George Eliot
Change your thoughts and you change your world. - Norman Vincent Peale
A hero is someone who has given his or her life to something bigger than oneself. - Joseph Campbell

61
The function of education is to teach one to think intensively and to think critically. Intelligence plus character - that is the goal of true education. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination. - Albert Einstein
Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence wins championships. - Michael Jordan
The difference between stupidity and genius is that genius has its limits. - Albert Einstein
Joy in looking and comprehending is nature's most beautiful gift. - Albert Einstein
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. - Henry Ford
The voice of the intelligence is drowned out by the roar of fear. It is ignored by the voice of desire. It is contradicted by the voice of shame. It is biased by hate and extinguished by anger. Most of all it is silenced by ignorance. - Karl A. Menninger
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential. - Winston Churchill
Common sense is genius dressed in its working clothes. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
To think is to practice brain chemistry. - Deepak Chopra
I'm grateful to intelligent people. That doesn't mean educated. That doesn't mean intellectual. I mean really intelligent. What black old people used to call 'mother wit' means intelligence that you had in your mother's womb. That's what you rely on. You know what's right to do. - Maya Angelou
There are no great limits to growth because there are no limits of human intelligence, imagination, and wonder. - Ronald Reagan
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably the reason why so few engage in it. - Henry Ford
Intelligence without ambition is a bird without wings. - Salvador Dali
Being busy does not always mean real work. The object of all work is production or accomplishment and to either of these ends there must be forethought, system, planning, intelligence, and honest purpose, as well as perspiration. Seeming to do is not doing. - Thomas A. Edison
Science has not yet taught us if madness is or is not the sublimity of the intelligence. - Edgar Allan Poe
Journalism, as concerns collecting information, differs little if at all from intelligence work. In my judgment, a journalist's job is very interesting. - Vladimir Putin
We will strengthen our security by building missile defense, restoring our military might, and standing by and strengthening our intelligence officers. - Mitt Romney
Artificial intelligence will reach human levels by around 2029. Follow that out further to, say, 2045, we will have multiplied the intelligence, the human biological machine intelligence of our civilization a billion-fold. - Ray Kurzweil
All different forms of human expression, art, science, are going to become expanded, by expanding our intelligence. - Ray Kurzweil
An intelligent man is sometimes forced to be drunk to spend time with his fools. - Ernest Hemingway
The woman who thinks she is intelligent demands equal rights with men. A woman who is intelligent does not. - Sidonie Gabrielle Colette
A smart man makes a mistake, learns from it, and never makes that mistake again. But a wise man finds a smart man and learns from him how to avoid the mistake altogether. - Roy H. Williams
The first method for estimating the intelligence of a ruler is to look at the men he has around him. - Niccolo Machiavelli
Neither a lofty degree of intelligence nor imagination nor both together go to the making of genius. Love, love, love, that is the soul of genius. - Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart
Promise me you'll always remember: You're braver than you believe, and stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think. - A. A. Milne

62
Life is one big road with lots of signs. So when you riding through the ruts, don't complicate your mind. Flee from hate, mischief and jealousy. Don't bury your thoughts, put your vision to reality. Wake Up and Live! - Bob Marley
Red is such an interesting color to correlate with emotion, because it's on both ends of the spectrum. On one end you have happiness, falling in love, infatuation with someone, passion, all that. On the other end, you've got obsession, jealousy, danger, fear, anger and frustration. - Taylor Swift
It will be found an unjust and unwise jealousy to deprive a man of his natural liberty upon the supposition he may abuse it. - George Washington
You can be the moon and still be jealous of the stars. - Gary Allan
He that is jealous is not in love. - Saint Augustine
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness, of hatred, of jealousy, and, most easily of all, the gate of fear. - Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.
Jealousy is the worst trait in any person. - Adam DeVine
In westerns, you meet a hardy bunch of characters. There is no jealousy on such pictures. - John Wayne
Like hatred, jealousy is forbidden by the laws of life because it is essentially destructive. - Alexis Carrel
Moral indignation is jealousy with a halo. - H. G. Wells
Jealousy is the grave of affection. - Mary Baker Eddy
Those who are believed to be most abject and humble are usually most ambitious and envious. - Baruch Spinoza
The jealous are possessed by a mad devil and a dull spirit at the same time. - Johann Kaspar Lavater
The knives of jealousy are honed on details. - Ruth Rendell
Love shouldn't be about jealousy or anything like that. It should be about commitment and being able to trust that person. If you can't have that from the get-go, there's a problem. - Aaron Carter
Jealousy is, I think, the worst of all faults because it makes a victim of both parties. - Gene Tierney
Why do we feel jealousy? Therapists often regard the demon as a scar of childhood trauma or a symptom of a psychological problem. And it's true that people who feel inadequate, insecure, or overly dependent tend to be more jealous than others. - Helen Fisher
Jealousy is the fear of comparison. - Max Frisch
Never underestimate the power of jealousy and the power of envy to destroy. Never underestimate that. - Oliver Stone
The jealous are troublesome to others, but a torment to themselves. - William Penn
The thermometer of success is merely the jealousy of the malcontents. - Salvador Dali
Lovers may be - and indeed generally are - enemies, but they never can be friends, because there must always be a spice of jealousy and a something of Self in all their speculations. - Lord Byron
'Under the Poppy' is the love story of Istvan and Rupert, lovers and friends from childhood, who've been parted by jealousy - and a secret betrayal by Istvan's sister, Decca, who also loves Rupert, with whom she runs the brothel called Under the Poppy, where the floozies cater to every taste from saucy to peculiar. - Kathe Koja
I think it's important to get your surroundings as well as yourself into a positive state - meaning surround yourself with positive people, not the kind who are negative and jealous of everything you do. - Heidi Klum
If one of two lovers is loyal, and the other jealous and false, how may their friendship last, for Love is slain! - Marie de France
I don't get jealous of people. Jealousy is such a waste of time because you're jealous of them, and they go about their lives and have a wonderful time, so what's the point? - Joy Behar

63
An investment in knowledge pays the best interest. - Benjamin Franklin
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge. - Bertrand Russell
A people without the knowledge of their past history, origin and culture is like a tree without roots. - Marcus Garvey
The true sign of intelligence is not knowledge but imagination. - Albert Einstein
The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the dissemination of truth. - John F. Kennedy
The goal of education is not to increase the amount of knowledge but to create the possibilities for a child to invent and discover, to create men who are capable of doing new things. - Jean Piaget
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge. - Albert Einstein
Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family. - Kofi Annan
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone. - Audrey Hepburn
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect. - Bruce Lee
The only source of knowledge is experience. - Albert Einstein
Never stop fighting until you arrive at your destined place - that is, the unique you. Have an aim in life, continuously acquire knowledge, work hard, and have perseverance to realise the great life. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
I believe that imagination is stronger than knowledge. That myth is more potent than history. That dreams are more powerful than facts. That hope always triumphs over experience. That laughter is the only cure for grief. And I believe that love is stronger than death. - Robert Fulghum
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice. - Anton Chekhov
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity. - Calvin Coolidge
Carry out a random act of kindness, with no expectation of reward, safe in the knowledge that one day someone might do the same for you. - Princess Diana
We are all born ignorant, but one must work hard to remain stupid. - Benjamin Franklin
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds. - John F. Kennedy
A thorough knowledge of the Bible is worth more than a college education. - Theodore Roosevelt
Human behavior flows from three main sources: desire, emotion, and knowledge. - Plato
Knowledge speaks, but wisdom listens. - Jimi Hendrix
The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading. - David Bailey
Beware of false knowledge; it is more dangerous than ignorance. - George Bernard Shaw
Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge. - Carl Sagan
The art and science of asking questions is the source of all knowledge. - Thomas Berger
The improvement of understanding is for two ends: first, our own increase of knowledge; secondly, to enable us to deliver that knowledge to others. - John Locke

64
If your actions inspire others to dream more, learn more, do more and become more, you are a leader. - John Quincy Adams
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way. - John C. Maxwell
Ultimately, leadership is not about glorious crowning acts. It's about keeping your team focused on a goal and motivated to do their best to achieve it, especially when the stakes are high and the consequences really matter. It is about laying the groundwork for others' success, and then standing back and letting them shine. - Chris Hadfield
Leadership is not about a title or a designation. It's about impact, influence and inspiration. Impact involves getting results, influence is about spreading the passion you have for your work, and you have to inspire team-mates and customers. - Robin S. Sharma
I am not afraid of an army of lions led by a sheep; I am afraid of an army of sheep led by a lion. - Alexander the Great
The art of communication is the language of leadership. - James Humes
The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other. - John F. Kennedy
Management is doing things right; leadership is doing the right things. - Peter Drucker
The quality of a leader is reflected in the standards they set for themselves. - Ray Kroc
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. - Steve Jobs
Management is efficiency in climbing the ladder of success; leadership determines whether the ladder is leaning against the right wall. - Stephen Covey
A good leader takes a little more than his share of the blame, a little less than his share of the credit. - Arnold H. Glasow
I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles; but today it means getting along with people. - Mahatma Gandhi
People ask the difference between a leader and a boss. The leader leads, and the boss drives. - Theodore Roosevelt
No man will make a great leader who wants to do it all himself or get all the credit for doing it. - Andrew Carnegie
Leadership is solving problems. The day soldiers stop bringing you their problems is the day you have stopped leading them. They have either lost confidence that you can help or concluded you do not care. Either case is a failure of leadership. - Colin Powell
No matter how good you think you are as a leader, my goodness, the people around you will have all kinds of ideas for how you can get better. So for me, the most fundamental thing about leadership is to have the humility to continue to get feedback and to try to get better - because your job is to try to help everybody else get better. - Jim Yong Kim
Think little goals and expect little achievements. Think big goals and win big success. - David Joseph Schwartz
Leadership is the capacity to translate vision into reality. - Warren Bennis
When you can't make them see the light, make them feel the heat. - Ronald Reagan
I think that in any group activity - whether it be business, sports, or family - there has to be leadership or it won't be successful. - John Wooden
Leadership is not about the next election, it's about the next generation. - Simon Sinek
A genuine leader is not a searcher for consensus but a molder of consensus. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
You have to think anyway, so why not think big? - Donald Trump
People buy into the leader before they buy into the vision. - John C. Maxwell

65
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do. - Pele
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence. - Colin Powell
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. - Colin Powell
Stay positive and happy. Work hard and don't give up hope. Be open to criticism and keep learning. Surround yourself with happy, warm and genuine people. - Tena Desae
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored. - Earl Nightingale
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning. - Brad Henry
Tell me and I forget. Teach me and I remember. Involve me and I learn. - Benjamin Franklin
Education is what remains after one has forgotten what one has learned in school. - Albert Einstein
Develop a passion for learning. If you do, you will never cease to grow. - Anthony J. D'Angelo
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever. - Mahatma Gandhi
I've learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel. - Maya Angelou
Leadership and learning are indispensable to each other. - John F. Kennedy
Learning is not attained by chance, it must be sought for with ardor and diligence. - Abigail Adams
There is no end to education. It is not that you read a book, pass an examination, and finish with education. The whole of life, from the moment you are born to the moment you die, is a process of learning. - Jiddu Krishnamurti
Change is the end result of all true learning. - Leo Buscaglia
The noblest pleasure is the joy of understanding. - Leonardo da Vinci
We learned about honesty and integrity - that the truth matters... that you don't take shortcuts or play by your own set of rules... and success doesn't count unless you earn it fair and square. - Michelle Obama
I am always ready to learn although I do not always like being taught. - Winston Churchill
Growing up in a group home, and with an undiagnosed learning disability to boot, the odds of success were not on my side. But when I joined the high school football team, I learned the value of discipline, focus, persistence, and teamwork - all skills that have proven vital to my career as a C.E.O. and social entrepreneur. - Darell Hammond
I'm learning a lot about myself being alone, and doing what I'm doing. - Chantal Kreviazuk
You don't learn to walk by following rules. You learn by doing, and by falling over. - Richard Branson
I'm most proud of the blessings that God has bestowed upon me, in my life. He's given me the vision to truly see that you can fall down, but you can still get back up. Hopefully I'll learn from my mistakes and have the opportunity to strengthen and improve the next thing I do. - Martin Lawrence
Standardized testing is at cross purposes with many of the most important purposes of public education. It doesn't measure big-picture learning, critical thinking, perseverance, problem solving, creativity or curiosity, yet those are the qualities great teaching brings out in a student. - Randi Weingarten
A wise man can learn more from a foolish question than a fool can learn from a wise answer. - Bruce Lee
The truth is that we can learn to condition our minds, bodies, and emotions to link pain or pleasure to whatever we choose. By changing what we link pain and pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors. - Tony Robbins
'No Child Left Behind' requires states and school districts to ensure that all students are learning and are reaching their highest potential. Special education students should not be left out of these accountability mechanisms. - Dianne Feinstein

66
Ethics is knowing the difference between what you have a right to do and what is right to do. - Potter Stewart
Obedience to lawful authority is the foundation of manly character. - Robert E. Lee
If you must break the law, do it to seize power: in all other cases observe it. - Julius Caesar
People crushed by laws, have no hope but to evade power. If the laws are their enemies, they will be enemies to the law; and those who have most to hope and nothing to lose will always be dangerous. - Edmund Burke
Well, when I think of steroids I think of an image. You have the advantage over someone, which is a form of cheating. I guess it wouldn't be right unless it was legal for everybody. Reason it's not legal for everybody is because it can hurt people seriously. - Evander Holyfield
Gambling is legal and betting is legal, for what I bet. - Michael Jordan
If we desire respect for the law, we must first make the law respectable. - Louis D. Brandeis
The acid test of any legal system is not the greatness or the grandeur of its ideal concepts, but whether, in fact, it is able to produce order and justice. - Lee Kuan Yew
There is but one law for all, namely that law which governs all law, the law of our Creator, the law of humanity, justice, equity - the law of nature and of nations. - Edmund Burke
You cannot have maternal health without reproductive health. And reproductive health includes contraception and family planning and access to legal, safe abortion. - Hillary Clinton
I wish the government and the Minister of Justice would address these legal and constitutional arguments, but they refuse to. They want Canadians to go blindly into their brave new world, but it is not wise for a society to move blindly in any direction. - Stockwell Day
You can't just lecture the poor that they shouldn't riot or go to extremes. You have to make the means of legal redress available. - Harold H. Greene
I say the law should be blind to race, gender and sexual orientation, just as it claims to be blind to wealth and power. There should be no specially protected groups of any kind, except for children, the severely disabled and the elderly, whose physical frailty demands society's care. - Camille Paglia
Lawyers, I suppose, were children once. - Charles Lamb
Justice is itself the great standing policy of civil society; and any eminent departure from it, under any circumstances, lies under the suspicion of being no policy at all. - Edmund Burke
I busted a mirror and got seven years bad luck, but my lawyer thinks he can get me five. - Steven Wright
I later spent... five to eight months in hospitals in New Jersey, always on an involuntary basis, and always attempting a legal argument for release. - John Forbes Nash, Jr.
Testimony should be a philosophical problem and not limited to legal or historical contexts where it refers to the account of a witness who reports what he has seen. - Paul Ricoeur
The advocates of abortion on demand falsely assume two things: that women must suffer if the lives of unborn children are legally protected; and that women can only attain equality by having the legal option of destroying their innocent offspring in the womb. - Robert Casey
I've always thought legal addictions are a great way to create a business. Starbucks is a wonderful example. - Nolan Bushnell
Alcohol, tobacco, and pharmaceutical drugs are legal, but they can hurt a lot of people. - Ziggy Marley
No oppression is so heavy or lasting as that which is inflicted by the perversion and exorbitance of legal authority. - Joseph Addison
I'm not sure I can say there is a clean line between me as an individual and me as a lawyer. - Anita Hill
The trouble with law is lawyers. - Clarence Darrow
Lawyers are the only persons in whom ignorance of the law is not punished. - Jeremy Bentham
You can't learn everything you need to know legally. - John Irving

67
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved. - George Sand
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. - Carol Burnett
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. - Charles R. Swindoll
We must let go of the life we have planned, so as to accept the one that is waiting for us. - Joseph Campbell
The greatest gift of life is friendship, and I have received it. - Hubert H. Humphrey
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth. - Bradley Whitford
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. - Steve Jobs
My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive; and to do so with some passion, some compassion, some humor, and some style. - Maya Angelou
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it. - Kevyn Aucoin
Do not take life too seriously. You will never get out of it alive. - Elbert Hubbard
Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive. - Matt Cameron
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored. - Earl Nightingale
Do not dwell in the past, do not dream of the future, concentrate the mind on the present moment. - Buddha
To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone. - Reba McEntire
Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life. - Yoko Ono
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge. - Bertrand Russell
Life is really simple, but we insist on making it complicated. - Confucius
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. - Oscar Wilde
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other. - Audrey Hepburn
There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments. - Chris Rock
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live. - Norman Cousins
You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind. - Joyce Meyer
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. - George Bernard Shaw
I cannot even imagine where I would be today were it not for that handful of friends who have given me a heart full of joy. Let's face it, friends make life a lot more fun. - Charles R. Swindoll
Successful people maintain a positive focus in life no matter what is going on around them. They stay focused on their past successes rather than their past failures, and on the next action steps they need to take to get them closer to the fulfillment of their goals rather than all the other distractions that life presents to them. - Jack Canfield
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure. - Mark Twain

68
There is only one happiness in this life, to love and be loved. - George Sand
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do. - Pele
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth. - Bradley Whitford
Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out. - Jenn Proske
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. - Steve Jobs
Friends show their love in times of trouble, not in happiness. - Euripides
Love myself I do. Not everything, but I love the good as well as the bad. I love my crazy lifestyle, and I love my hard discipline. I love my freedom of speech and the way my eyes get dark when I'm tired. I love that I have learned to trust people with my heart, even if it will get broken. I am proud of everything that I am and will become. - Johnny Weir
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. - Lao Tzu
Love is the only force capable of transforming an enemy into a friend. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Love is friendship that has caught fire. It is quiet understanding, mutual confidence, sharing and forgiving. It is loyalty through good and bad times. It settles for less than perfection and makes allowances for human weaknesses. - Ann Landers
Darkness cannot drive out darkness; only light can do that. Hate cannot drive out hate; only love can do that. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. - Albert Schweitzer
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning. - Brad Henry
The good life is one inspired by love and guided by knowledge. - Bertrand Russell
Love is when the other person's happiness is more important than your own. - H. Jackson Brown, Jr.
Keep love in your heart. A life without it is like a sunless garden when the flowers are dead. - Oscar Wilde
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other. - Audrey Hepburn
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love. - Hubert H. Humphrey
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love. - Maya Angelou
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. - Mother Teresa
The beauty of a woman must be seen from in her eyes, because that is the doorway to her heart, the place where love resides. - Audrey Hepburn
I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. - William Shakespeare
The most important thing in the world is family and love. - John Wooden
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. - Confucius
Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance. - Oscar Wilde

69
A successful marriage requires falling in love many times, always with the same person. - Mignon McLaughlin
The real act of marriage takes place in the heart, not in the ballroom or church or synagogue. It's a choice you make - not just on your wedding day, but over and over again - and that choice is reflected in the way you treat your husband or wife. - Barbara De Angelis
There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage. - Martin Luther
Happy is the man who finds a true friend, and far happier is he who finds that true friend in his wife. - Franz Schubert
It is not a lack of love, but a lack of friendship that makes unhappy marriages. - Friedrich Nietzsche
A good husband makes a good wife. - John Florio
The secret of a happy marriage is finding the right person. You know they're right if you love to be with them all the time. - Julia Child
Love is not weakness. It is strong. Only the sacrament of marriage can contain it. - Boris Pasternak
Let the wife make the husband glad to come home, and let him make her sorry to see him leave. - Martin Luther
Marriage is an alliance entered into by a man who can't sleep with the window shut, and a woman who can't sleep with the window open. - George Bernard Shaw
May this marriage be full of laughter, our every day in paradise. - Rumi
My most brilliant achievement was my ability to be able to persuade my wife to marry me. - Winston Churchill
A good marriage would be between a blind wife and a deaf husband. - Michel de Montaigne
Next month, I will celebrate my 30th anniversary of marriage with my beautiful bride, Vicki. Our marriage has been a blessing. I have gained even more respect for the institution over the past 3 decades and will defend it against attack. - Todd Tiahrt
Marriage is like a cage; one sees the birds outside desperate to get in, and those inside equally desperate to get out. - Michel de Montaigne
May these vows and this marriage be blessed. - Rumi
A happy marriage is a long conversation which always seems too short. - Andre Maurois
Experts on romance say for a happy marriage there has to be more than a passionate love. For a lasting union, they insist, there must be a genuine liking for each other. Which, in my book, is a good definition for friendship. - Marilyn Monroe
For years my wedding ring has done its job. It has led me not into temptation. It has reminded my husband numerous times at parties that it's time to go home. It has been a source of relief to a dinner companion. It has been a status symbol in the maternity ward. - Erma Bombeck
One should believe in marriage as in the immortality of the soul. - Honore de Balzac
It was the courts, of course, that took away prayer from our schools, that took away Bible reading from our schools. It's the courts that gave us same-sex marriage. So it is quite a battlefield, and the Supreme Court is the highest court in the land. - Rod Parsley
When I heard the royal family wanted to have me perform in celebration of Prince William's marriage, I knew I had to give them a little something. 'Wet' is the perfect anthem for Prince William or any playa to get the club smokin'. - Snoop Dogg
While I am impulsive in many areas of my life, marriage is not one of them. - Neil Strauss
A wedding is a funeral where you smell your own flowers. - Eddie Cantor
In almost every marriage there is a selfish and an unselfish partner. A pattern is set up and soon becomes inflexible, of one person always making the demands and one person always giving way. - Iris Murdoch
I think the best thing I can do is to be a distraction. A husband lives and breathes his work all day long. If he comes home to more table thumping, how can the poor man ever relax? - Jackie Kennedy

70
Wellness is not a 'medical fix' but a way of living - a lifestyle sensitive and responsive to all the dimensions of body, mind, and spirit, an approach to life we each design to achieve our highest potential for well-being now and forever. - Greg Anderson
The good physician treats the disease; the great physician treats the patient who has the disease. - William Osler
I have enjoyed great satisfaction from my climb of Everest and my trips to the poles. But there's no doubt that my most worthwhile things have been the building of schools and medical clinics. - Edmund Hillary
I have been recently diagnosed with Sjogren's Syndrome, an autoimmune disease which is an ongoing medical condition that affects my energy level and causes fatigue and joint pain. - Venus Williams
The Christian's Bible is a drug store. Its contents remain the same, but the medical practice changes. - Mark Twain
The fact that he didn't get credit for a while is more the story of social injustice. But his own spirit wasn't driven by that, and wasn't dependent upon that. He just wished he had the cash to go to medical school. - Mary Stuart Masterson
The best doctor is the one you run to and can't find. - Denis Diderot
All sorts of computer errors are now turning up. You'd be surprised to know the number of doctors who claim they are treating pregnant men. - Isaac Asimov
The human body experiences a powerful gravitational pull in the direction of hope. That is why the patient's hopes are the physician's secret weapon. They are the hidden ingredients in any prescription. - Norman Cousins
They certainly give very strange names to diseases. - Plato
Modern medicine is a negation of health. It isn't organized to serve human health, but only itself, as an institution. It makes more people sick than it heals. - Ivan Illich
The physicians of one class feel the patients and go away, merely prescribing medicine. As they leave the room they simply ask the patient to take the medicine. They are the poorest class of physicians. - Ramakrishna
In terms of fitness and battling through cancer, exercise helps you stay strong physically and mentally. - Grete Waitz
A Harvard Medical School study has determined that rectal thermometers are still the best way to tell a baby's temperature. Plus, it really teaches the baby who's boss. - Tina Fey
Completeness? Happiness? These words don't come close to describing my emotions. There truly is nothing I can say to capture what motherhood means to me, particularly given my medical history. - Anita Baker
The sacrifices made by veterans and their willingness to fight in defense of our nation merit our deep respect and praise - and to the best in benefits and medical care. - Sue Kelly
Medical school education and post graduate education emphasize thoroughness. - Ezekiel Emanuel
Patients who are being kept alive by technology and want to end their lives already have a recognized constitutional right to stop any and all medical interventions, from respirators to antibiotics. They do not need physician-assisted suicide or euthanasia. - Ezekiel Emanuel
You don't train someone for all of those years of medical school and residency, particularly people who want to help others optimize their physical and psychological health, and then have them run a claims-processing operation for insurance companies. - Malcolm Gladwell
When I was a young girl, I was so crazy about animals that I wanted to do something associated with them, and I thought of being a vet. But then again, I figured I had to go to medical school, and science wasn't a good subject for me, so I dropped the idea pretty soon and thought maybe I could be a vet's assistant. - Olivia Newton-John
In the 20th century, we had a century where at the beginning of the century, most of the world was agricultural and industry was very primitive. At the end of that century, we had men in orbit, we had been to the moon, we had people with cell phones and colour televisions and the Internet and amazing medical technology of all kinds. - David Gerrold
I have profoundly mixed feelings about the Affordable Care Act. What I love about it is its impulse. It attempts to deal with this intractable problem in American health care life, which is that a significant portion of the population does not have access to quality medical care. - Malcolm Gladwell
Today we have a health insurance industry where the first and foremost goal is to maximize profits for shareholders and CEOs, not to cover patients who have fallen ill or to compensate doctors and hospitals for their services. It is an industry that is increasingly concentrated and where Americans are paying more to receive less. - Dianne Feinstein
You may not be able to read a doctor's handwriting and prescription, but you'll notice his bills are neatly typewritten. - Earl Wilson
The greatest evil is physical pain. - Saint Augustine
I am dying from the treatment of too many physicians. - Alexander the Great

71
In the End, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
My fellow Americans, ask not what your country can do for you, ask what you can do for your country. - John F. Kennedy
I only regret that I have but one life to lose for my country. - Nathan Hale
A man's country is not a certain area of land, of mountains, rivers, and woods, but it is a principle and patriotism is loyalty to that principle. - George William Curtis
On what rests the hope of the republic? One country, one language, one flag! - Alexander Henry
The average American is nothing if not patriotic. - Herbert Croly
Memorial Day isn't just about honoring veterans, its honoring those who lost their lives. Veterans had the fortune of coming home. For us, that's a reminder of when we come home we still have a responsibility to serve. It's a continuation of service that honors our country and those who fell defending it. - Pete Hegseth
There is nothing wrong with America that cannot be cured with what is right in America. - William J. Clinton
Patriotism consists not in waving the flag, but in striving that our country shall be righteous as well as strong. - James Bryce
The willingness of America's veterans to sacrifice for our country has earned them our lasting gratitude. - Jeff Miller
There are no points of the compass on the chart of true patriotism. - Robert Charles Winthrop
As America celebrates Memorial Day, we pay tribute to those who have given their lives in our nation's wars. - John M. McHugh
Memorial Day this year is especially important as we are reminded almost daily of the great sacrifices that the men and women of the Armed Services make to defend our way of life. - Robin Hayes
Guard against the impostures of pretended patriotism. - George Washington
Who sows virtue reaps honor. - Leonardo da Vinci
I would rather be remembered by a song than by a victory. - Alexander Smith
I love America more than any other country in this world, and, exactly for this reason, I insist on the right to criticize her perpetually. - James A. Baldwin
Patriotism is supporting your country all the time, and your government when it deserves it. - Mark Twain
These fallen heroes represent the character of a nation who has a long history of patriotism and honor - and a nation who has fought many battles to keep our country free from threats of terror. - Michael N. Castle
America is hope. It is compassion. It is excellence. It is valor. - Paul Tsongas
I have long believed that sacrifice is the pinnacle of patriotism. - Bob Riley
Patriotism was a living fire of unquestioned belief and purpose. - Frank Knox
What I can do for my country, I am willing to do. - Christopher Gadsden
The heroes of Flight 93 won the first battle in the War on Terror, and they should never be forgotten. - Jim Ramstad
Man is a military animal, glories in gunpowder, and loves parade. - Philip James Bailey
On Memorial Day, I don't want to only remember the combatants. There were also those who came out of the trenches as writers and poets, who started preaching peace, men and women who have made this world a kinder place to live. - Eric Burdon

72
No struggle can ever succeed without women participating side by side with men. - Muhammad Ali Jinnah
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. - Abraham Lincoln
Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance. - Oscar Wilde
I do not wish women to have power over men; but over themselves. - Mary Shelley
The goal of education is not to increase the amount of knowledge but to create the possibilities for a child to invent and discover, to create men who are capable of doing new things. - Jean Piaget
Wise men speak because they have something to say; Fools because they have to say something. - Plato
It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men. - Frederick Douglass
Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea. - Robert A. Heinlein
Women, like men, should try to do the impossible. And when they fail, their failure should be a challenge to others. - Amelia Earhart
We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men and women are created equal. - Elizabeth Cady Stanton
All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose. - Brian Tracy
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing. - Edmund Burke
The Bible is one of the greatest blessings bestowed by God on the children of men. It has God for its author; salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture for its matter. It is all pure. - John Locke
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men. - Confucius
Nothing in this world can take the place of persistence. Talent will not: nothing is more common than unsuccessful men with talent. Genius will not; unrewarded genius is almost a proverb. Education will not: the world is full of educated derelicts. Persistence and determination alone are omnipotent. - Calvin Coolidge
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life. - Buddha
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us. - Thomas Paine
We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men are created equal; that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. - Thomas Jefferson
Battle is the most magnificent competition in which a human being can indulge. It brings out all that is best; it removes all that is base. All men are afraid in battle. The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. Duty is the essence of manhood. - George S. Patton
Men, their rights, and nothing more; women, their rights, and nothing less. - Susan B. Anthony
It was we, the people; not we, the white male citizens; nor yet we, the male citizens; but we, the whole people, who formed the Union. And we formed it, not to give the blessings of liberty, but to secure them; not to the half of ourselves and the half of our posterity, but to the whole people - women as well as men. - Susan B. Anthony
Let's be very clear: Strong men - men who are truly role models - don't need to put down women to make themselves feel powerful. People who are truly strong lift others up. People who are truly powerful bring others together. - Michelle Obama
Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
There's three things men always talk about - women, sports, and cars. - Mario Lopez
Men are not prisoners of fate, but only prisoners of their own minds. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Conservation is a state of harmony between men and land. - Aldo Leopold

73
The heart of a mother is a deep abyss at the bottom of which you will always find forgiveness. - Honore de Balzac
My mother had a great deal of trouble with me, but I think she enjoyed it. - Mark Twain
My mom didn't let me play video games growing up, so now I do. Gaming gives me a chance to just let go, blow somebody up and fight somebody from another dimension. It's all escapism. - Wayne Brady
We need somebody who's got the heart, the empathy, to recognize what it's like to be a young teenage mom, the empathy to understand what it's like to be poor or African-American or gay or disabled or old - and that's the criterion by which I'll be selecting my judges. - Barack Obama
One of the greatest titles in the world is parent, and one of the biggest blessings in the world is to have parents to call mom and dad. - Jim DeMint
One of my most sentimental items is my grandmother's engagement ring that my mom gave me a few years ago. It's a Victorian-style setting that's closed in the back, so it doesn't sparkle the way diamonds do now. I wear it as a pendant. - Georgina Chapman
I ask people why they have deer heads on their walls. They always say because it's such a beautiful animal. There you go. I think my mother is attractive, but I have photographs of her. - Ellen DeGeneres
My mother's wonderful. To me she's perfection. - Michael Jackson
That strong mother doesn't tell her cub, Son, stay weak so the wolves can get you. She says, Toughen up, this is reality we are living in. - Lauryn Hill
When motherhood becomes the fruit of a deep yearning, not the result of ignorance or accident, its children will become the foundation of a new race. - Margaret Sanger
I was always at peace because of the way my mom treated me. - Martina Hingis
It's the moms of this nation - single, married, widowed - who really hold this country together. We're the mothers, we're the wives, we're the grandmothers, we're the big sisters, we're the little sisters, we're the daughters. You know it's true, don't you? You're the ones who always have to do a little more. - Ann Romney
I'm married to a white man, and then my daughter came out looking like the whitest white child with blonde hair and blue eyes. And I'm like, 'Omigosh, now what am I going to do?' She has my mom's features and is lighter than my husband. And my boy is browner than I am. Brown eyes and really tan. - Karyn Parsons
My mom was always the supplier of soccer balls, and so people were always knocking on my door, and trying to get me out so we could play. - Freddy Adu
Once you're a mom, always a mom. It's like riding a bike, you never forget. - Taraji P. Henson
I never let anyone pluck, including myself, unless my mom approves. She guards my eyebrows. She's like the eyebrow police! - Isabelle Fuhrman
My mom says I'm a fighter, a fierce competitor, and I think I am, too. - Gabby Douglas
I've had broken bones and cuts and dashes and tears from movies, but when I was five, my mom put the biscuits up high so we wouldn't be helping ourselves. So, one day I asked to stand up on a chair to get a biscuit, and it fell, and the corner of the chair went right into the side of my eye, and it made a big hole in there. - Gerard Butler
My dad is a very quick-witted, sarcastic, dry, humorous guy, whereas my mom's very silly, and that side of the family is very musical. - Tim Heidecker
Why do grandparents and grandchildren get along so well? The mother. - Claudette Colbert
A father may turn his back on his child, brothers and sisters may become inveterate enemies, husbands may desert their wives, wives their husbands. But a mother's love endures through all. - Washington Irving
Tired mothers find that spanking takes less time than reasoning and penetrates sooner to the seat of the memory. - Will Durant
My mom has made it possible for me to be who I am. Our family is everything. Her greatest skill was encouraging me to find my own person and own independence. - Charlize Theron
Completeness? Happiness? These words don't come close to describing my emotions. There truly is nothing I can say to capture what motherhood means to me, particularly given my medical history. - Anita Baker
I don't want to let my life as a woman pass me by. There's a time to work, there's a time to be young and crazy, and there should be a time to enjoy motherhood. I'm actually looking forward to that. - Diane Kruger
It was my 16th birthday - my mom and dad gave me my Goya classical guitar that day. I sat down, wrote this song, and I just knew that that was the only thing I could ever really do - write songs and sing them to people. - Stevie Nicks

74
The greatest legacy one can pass on to one's children and grandchildren is not money or other material things accumulated in one's life, but rather a legacy of character and faith. - Billy Graham
Making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art. - Andy Warhol
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching. - Satchel Paige
Success comes to those who dedicate everything to their passion in life. To be successful, it is also very important to be humble and never let fame or money travel to your head. - A. R. Rahman
A little thought and a little kindness are often worth more than a great deal of money. - John Ruskin
There are people who have money and people who are rich. - Coco Chanel
To give real service you must add something which cannot be bought or measured with money, and that is sincerity and integrity. - Douglas Adams
The way to make money is to buy when blood is running in the streets. - John D. Rockefeller
My principles are more important than the money or my title. - Muhammad Ali
Money can buy you a fine dog, but only love can make him wag his tail. - Kinky Friedman
Money is not the only answer, but it makes a difference. - Barack Obama
One might think that the money value of an invention constitutes its reward to the man who loves his work. But... I continue to find my greatest pleasure, and so my reward, in the work that precedes what the world calls success. - Thomas A. Edison
Money won't create success, the freedom to make it will. - Nelson Mandela
I pity the French Cinema because it has no money. I pity the American Cinema because it has no ideas. - Jean-Luc Godard
My favorite things in life don't cost any money. It's really clear that the most precious resource we all have is time. - Steve Jobs
Tramping is too easy with all this money. My days were more exciting when I was penniless and had to forage around for my next meal... I've decided that I'm going to live this life for some time to come. The freedom and simple beauty of it is just too good to pass up. - Christopher McCandless
Money has never made man happy, nor will it, there is nothing in its nature to produce happiness. The more of it one has the more one wants. - Benjamin Franklin
Each of us, having received several hundred dollars, we passed the time gloriously, spending our money freely - never thinking that our lives were risked gaining it. - Kit Carson
Capital is money, capital is commodities. By virtue of it being value, it has acquired the occult ability to add value to itself. It brings forth living offspring, or, at the least, lays golden eggs. - Karl Marx
A man is usually more careful of his money than of his principles. - Oliver Wendell Holmes, Jr.
My parents survived the Great Depression and brought me up to live within my means, save some for tomorrow, share and don't be greedy, work hard for the necessities in life knowing that money does not make you better or more important than anyone else. So, extravagance has been bred out of my DNA. - David Suzuki
I find money some way or other goes very fast. But I think I can reflect it has been spent with satisfaction and to my own honour. - John Hancock
A fool and his money are soon elected. - Will Rogers
Let us not be satisfied with just giving money. Money is not enough, money can be got, but they need your hearts to love them. So, spread your love everywhere you go. - Mother Teresa
A good reputation is more valuable than money. - Publilius Syrus
Recession is when a neighbor loses his job. Depression is when you lose yours. - Ronald Reagan

75
Today I choose life. Every morning when I wake up I can choose joy, happiness, negativity, pain... To feel the freedom that comes from being able to continue to make mistakes and choices - today I choose to feel life, not to deny my humanity but embrace it. - Kevyn Aucoin
Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life. - Yoko Ono
I may be drunk, Miss, but in the morning I will be sober and you will still be ugly. - Winston Churchill
Some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen. - Wayne Huizenga
When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength. Give thanks for your food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself. - Tecumseh
When you arise in the morning, think of what a precious privilege it is to be alive - to breathe, to think, to enjoy, to love. - Marcus Aurelius
If you're going to do something tonight that you'll be sorry for tomorrow morning, sleep late. - Henny Youngman
There was never a night or a problem that could defeat sunrise or hope. - Bernard Williams
Old friends pass away, new friends appear. It is just like the days. An old day passes, a new day arrives. The important thing is to make it meaningful: a meaningful friend - or a meaningful day. - Dalai Lama
In the sweetness of friendship let there be laughter, and sharing of pleasures. For in the dew of little things the heart finds its morning and is refreshed. - Khalil Gibran
Opportunities are like sunrises. If you wait too long, you miss them. - William Arthur Ward
Everyone has highs and lows that they have to learn from, but every morning I start off with a good head on my shoulders, saying to myself, 'It's going to be a good day!'. - Lindsay Lohan
Prayer is the key of the morning and the bolt of the evening. - Mahatma Gandhi
To simply wake up every morning a better person than when I went to bed. - Sidney Poitier
Leadership is an intense journey into yourself. You can use your own style to get anything done. It's about being self-aware. Every morning, I look in the mirror and say, 'I could have done three things better yesterday.' - Jeffrey R. Immelt
Every morning brings new potential, but if you dwell on the misfortunes of the day before, you tend to overlook tremendous opportunities. - Harvey Mackay
Every day I feel is a blessing from God. And I consider it a new beginning. Yeah, everything is beautiful. - Prince
A muscle is like a car. If you want it to run well early in the morning, you have to warm it up. - Florence Griffith Joyner
Lose an hour in the morning, and you will spend all day looking for it. - Richard Whately
We all wake up in the morning wanting to live our lives the way we know we should. But we usually don't, in small ways. That's what makes a character like Batman so fascinating. He plays out our conflicts on a much larger scale. - Christopher Nolan
Be pleasant until ten o'clock in the morning and the rest of the day will take care of itself. - Elbert Hubbard
You have to have a dream so you can get up in the morning. - Billy Wilder
A lot of people think Formula One isn't a sport because everyone drives a car when they go to work in the morning. But we're pulling up to six G on a corner or during breaking, which is almost like being a fighter pilot. So we have to do a lot of work on our neck muscles. - Jenson Button
I just enjoy life now. I just enjoy every morning I get to wake up. - Nas
Makeup is no different than clothes and accessories - it's embellishments for your face. And it also gives you creative freedom. You get to have that moment in front the mirror every morning and give yourself self-love. You're making yourself up beautiful, which is essentially self-love. - Michelle Phan
A good wife is one who serves her husband in the morning like a mother does, loves him in the day like a sister does and pleases him like a prostitute in the night. - Chanakya

76
All that I am, or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother. - Abraham Lincoln
Mama was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness. If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love. - Stevie Wonder
I remember my mother's prayers and they have always followed me. They have clung to me all my life. - Abraham Lincoln
Sometimes the strength of motherhood is greater than natural laws. - Barbara Kingsolver
God could not be everywhere, and therefore he made mothers. - Rudyard Kipling
Life began with waking up and loving my mother's face. - George Eliot
Children are the anchors that hold a mother to life. - Sophocles
I was always at peace because of the way my mom treated me. - Martina Hingis
With what price we pay for the glory of motherhood. - Isadora Duncan
If evolution really works, how come mothers only have two hands? - Milton Berle
Motherhood is... difficult and... rewarding. - Gloria Estefan
My mom is definitely my rock. - Alicia Keys
Who's a boy gonna talk to if not his mother? - Donald E. Westlake
It may be possible to gild pure gold, but who can make his mother more beautiful? - Mahatma Gandhi
A mother's arms are made of tenderness and children sleep soundly in them. - Victor Hugo
The most important thing a father can do for his children is to love their mother. - Theodore Hesburgh
My mother is a walking miracle. - Leonardo DiCaprio
Mother's love is peace. It need not be acquired, it need not be deserved. - Erich Fromm
The babe at first feeds upon the mother's bosom, but it is always on her heart. - Henry Ward Beecher
A mother's happiness is like a beacon, lighting up the future but reflected also on the past in the guise of fond memories. - Honore de Balzac
Motherhood: All love begins and ends there. - Robert Browning
The love of a mother is the veil of a softer light between the heart and the heavenly Father. - Samuel Taylor Coleridge
Mother is the name for God in the lips and hearts of little children. - William Makepeace Thackeray
There is nothing in the world of art like the songs mother used to sing. - Billy Sunday
I got to grow up with a mother who taught me to believe in me. - Antonio Villaraigosa
For when a child is born the mother also is born again. - Gilbert Parker

77
Only I can change my life. No one can do it for me. - Carol Burnett
Life is 10% what happens to you and 90% how you react to it. - Charles R. Swindoll
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. - Helen Keller
Always do your best. What you plant now, you will harvest later. - Og Mandino
Infuse your life with action. Don't wait for it to happen. Make it happen. Make your own future. Make your own hope. Make your own love. And whatever your beliefs, honor your creator, not by passively waiting for grace to come down from upon high, but by doing what you can to make grace happen... yourself, right now, right down here on Earth. - Bradley Whitford
Good, better, best. Never let it rest. 'Til your good is better and your better is best. - St. Jerome
In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can. - Nikos Kazantzakis
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop. - Confucius
Quality is not an act, it is a habit. - Aristotle
If you fell down yesterday, stand up today. - H. G. Wells
The secret of getting ahead is getting started. - Mark Twain
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. - Thomas A. Edison
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. - Norman Vincent Peale
It always seems impossible until it's done. - Nelson Mandela
If you can dream it, you can do it. - Walt Disney
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough. - Og Mandino
Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible. - Tony Robbins
Accept the challenges so that you can feel the exhilaration of victory. - George S. Patton
Problems are not stop signs, they are guidelines. - Robert H. Schuller
You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water. - Rabindranath Tagore
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground. - Theodore Roosevelt
Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can. - Arthur Ashe
Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Willing is not enough; we must do. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated. - Maya Angelou
If you want to conquer fear, don't sit home and think about it. Go out and get busy. - Dale Carnegie

78
Movies can and do have tremendous influence in shaping young lives in the realm of entertainment towards the ideals and objectives of normal adulthood. - Walt Disney
My love of movies started when I was 7 years old, living in a small town, going to the movies all the time, and finding the people in the movies more interesting than the people in my small town. Also, at that time, it wasn't that easy to find out about movies. - Robert Osborne
A film is - or should be - more like music than like fiction. It should be a progression of moods and feelings. The theme, what's behind the emotion, the meaning, all that comes later. - Stanley Kubrick
I don't want to imitate life in movies; I want to represent it. And in that representation, you use the colors you feel, and sometimes they are fake colors. But always it's to show one emotion. - Pedro Almodovar
I like to go out if there's a party or go to the movies, but I just like hanging out with my buddies and having a good time. - Jean-Luc Bilodeau
I make movies for teenage boys. Oh dear, what a crime. - Michael Bay
Sexiness, particularly in movies, is the chess game in the 'Thomas Crown Affair'. It's, it's, I don't know, but Faye Dunaway comes up a lot in that thinking. It's the subtlety of sexiness. The moment you try to be sexy, then it's not. - Daniel Craig
I never was that boy who loved gangster films, but when I was growing up, I was obsessed with the detective Dick Tracy. It was one of my favourite movies as a kid, and he really inspired me. I would have loved to be part of that golden age of Hollywood in the 1940s. It made me want to become an actor. - Ryan Gosling
We live in an age when it is cheaper to buy the rights to movies than to make them. - Hayao Miyazaki
The person that made me want to make movies, and the reason I do films, is Bruce Lee. He was an incredible actor, and he had a lot of charisma. Handsome, action, you know, everything was there. I loved Bruce Lee. - LL Cool J
Nothing was planned in my career. I just went with the flow and took everything that came to me. Selling potato chips was obvious, as it was a family business. When friends suggested I should try theatre, I gave it a shot. Then I did a lot of advertisements, and then movies happened. - Boman Irani
I never thought of acting as a creative process. Christ, I used to go to the movies and see Brando talking like he was trying to sell shoes, and he was great. I thought anybody could do it. Then I tried it, and I got so uptight, I'm limited as to what I can do on film. - Kris Kristofferson
I've had broken bones and cuts and dashes and tears from movies, but when I was five, my mom put the biscuits up high so we wouldn't be helping ourselves. So, one day I asked to stand up on a chair to get a biscuit, and it fell, and the corner of the chair went right into the side of my eye, and it made a big hole in there. - Gerard Butler
I get inspiration from literally everything and anything. I take inspiration from people, relationships, stories, and I take inspiration from movies I see, books I read and songs I hear. - Sabrina Carpenter
Always make the audience suffer as much as possible. - Alfred Hitchcock
Television is chewing gum for the eyes. - Frank Lloyd Wright
There's an electrical thing about movies. - Oliver Stone
If the boy and girl walk off into the sunset hand-in-hand in the last scene, it adds 10 million to the box office. - George Lucas
I think it would be very boring dramatically to have a film where everybody was a lawyer or doctor and had no faults. To me, the most important thing is to be truthful. - Spike Lee
I'm relaxed about my career. I've been making movies for over 20 years, so I've earned at least the right to relax. - Eddie Murphy
Well, I was born and raised in the Midwest, in Indiana specifically, and my childhood was full of weekend movies, you know, the Saturday and Sunday popcorn movies. - Sydney Pollack
I never play a villain that I don't have something I can either do or say so the audience sees there is something redeemable about them. In other words, I don't want to do evil for evil's sake. I don't want to do Jason slasher movies. There's no point in that. - Brion James
Now, there are so many movies, so many festivals, and so many awards going on, each judged with each other, like your work is worse than others and that's not fair. How can you tell what's best and what's worst from these awards? We're talking about art. - Javier Bardem
I just like the continue doing what I've been doing. A melange of funny, straight drama, television, movies, a little theater here and there wouldn't hurt. So if I can keep doing that, I'll be a very happy person. - Mary Tyler Moore
Oh, I adored Mickey Mouse when I was a child. He was the emblem of happiness and funniness. You went to the movies then, you saw two movies and a short. When Mickey Mouse came on the screen and there was his big head, my sister said she had to hold onto me. I went berserk. - Maurice Sendak
Over the years all these vampire movies have come out and nobody looks like a vampire anymore. - Johnny Depp

79
The greatest healing therapy is friendship and love. - Hubert H. Humphrey
Every day is a new day, and you'll never be able to find happiness if you don't move on. - Carrie Underwood
You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space. - Johnny Cash
To help yourself, you must be yourself. Be the best that you can be. When you make a mistake, learn from it, pick yourself up and move on. - Dave Pelzer
It is by going down into the abyss that we recover the treasures of life. Where you stumble, there lies your treasure. - Joseph Campbell
Bad things do happen; how I respond to them defines my character and the quality of my life. I can choose to sit in perpetual sadness, immobilized by the gravity of my loss, or I can choose to rise from the pain and treasure the most precious gift I have - life itself. - Walter Anderson
I think it's important to have closure in any relationship that ends - from a romantic relationship to a friendship. You should always have a sense of clarity at the end and know why it began and why it ended. You need that in your life to move cleanly into your next phase. - Jennifer Aniston
Every new beginning comes from some other beginning's end. - Seneca
Don't dwell on what went wrong. Instead, focus on what to do next. Spend your energies on moving forward toward finding the answer. - Denis Waitley
It's time to say goodbye, but I think goodbyes are sad and I'd much rather say hello. Hello to a new adventure. - Ernie Harwell
If you love somebody, let them go, for if they return, they were always yours. And if they don't, they never were. - Khalil Gibran
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on. - Robert Frost
Do not measure your loss by itself; if you do, it will seem intolerable; but if you will take all human affairs into account you will find that some comfort is to be derived from them. - Saint Basil
Grief is in two parts. The first is loss. The second is the remaking of life. - Anne Roiphe
Moving on, is a simple thing, what it leaves behind is hard. - Dave Mustaine
The willow which bends to the tempest, often escapes better than the oak which resists it; and so in great calamities, it sometimes happens that light and frivolous spirits recover their elasticity and presence of mind sooner than those of a loftier character. - Albert Schweitzer
The moving finger writes, and having written moves on. Nor all thy piety nor all thy wit, can cancel half a line of it. - Omar Khayyam
I think a spiritual journey is not so much a journey of discovery. It's a journey of recovery. It's a journey of uncovering your own inner nature. It's already there. - Billy Corgan
Any time you end a relationship, and everyone has ended plenty in their life, it's always a tough thing and hard to get over. - Adam Brody
I think you have to pay for love with bitter tears. - Edith Piaf
I can tell you one thing, Iran is closer to developing nuclear weapons today than it was a week ago, or a month ago or a year ago. It's just moving on with its efforts. - Benjamin Netanyahu
I have more of a desire to write songs about being an independent woman than being in love, songs about getting up and moving on even if I have a broken heart. - Kat Graham
Tears shed for self are tears of weakness, but tears shed for others are a sign of strength. - Billy Graham
I tell you the past is a bucket of ashes, so live not in your yesterdays, no just for tomorrow, but in the here and now. Keep moving and forget the post mortems; and remember, no one can get the jump on the future. - Carl Sandburg
A man never knows how to say goodbye; a woman never knows when to say it. - Helen Rowland
We are healed from suffering only by experiencing it to the full. - Marcel Proust

80
Next to the Word of God, the noble art of music is the greatest treasure in the world. - Martin Luther
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain. - Bob Marley
Music is the movement of sound to reach the soul for the education of its virtue. - Plato
Where words fail, music speaks. - Hans Christian Andersen
Music is love, love is music, music is life, and I love my life. Thank you and good night. - A. J. McLean
Music is a moral law. It gives soul to the universe, wings to the mind, flight to the imagination, and charm and gaiety to life and to everything. - Plato
Music, at its essence, is what gives us memories. And the longer a song has existed in our lives, the more memories we have of it. - Stevie Wonder
If music be the food of love, play on. - William Shakespeare
Without music, life would be a mistake. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Musicians don't retire; they stop when there's no more music in them. - Louis Armstrong
Music expresses that which cannot be said and on which it is impossible to be silent. - Victor Hugo
The world's most famous and popular language is music. - Psy
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy. - Ludwig van Beethoven
Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness. - Maya Angelou
Feelings aroused by the touch of someone's hand, the sound of music, the smell of a flower, a beautiful sunset, a work of art, love, laughter, hope and faith - all work on both the unconscious and the conscious aspects of the self, and they have physiological consequences as well. - Bernie Siegel
I try to give to my music the spiritual quality, very deep in the soul, which does something even if you are not realizing it or analyzing it - that's the duty of the music. - Ravi Shankar
If I can have the opportunity to go into an editing room, it's like the golden ticket for me. All I want is to learn about everything else in the filmmaking process. I just directed a music video which just came out and that'd sort of be the area of the field that I'm going to move into, I hope. - Nikki Reed
The world is full of poetry. The air is living with its spirit; and the waves dance to the music of its melodies, and sparkle in its brightness. - James Gates Percival
Rock and roll music, if you like it, if you feel it, you can't help but move to it. That's what happens to me. I can't help it.' - Elvis Presley
Trance is a very emotional and uplifting form of dance music. It appeals to many people in this way having such a strong connection with emotions. It makes people happy and ready to party. - Tiesto
Music is moonlight in the gloomy night of life. - Jean Paul
Music can connect people on an intimate level. What Josh and I are trying to do is represent anyone who has some of the questions that we have. - Tyler Joseph
A film is - or should be - more like music than like fiction. It should be a progression of moods and feelings. The theme, what's behind the emotion, the meaning, all that comes later. - Stanley Kubrick
Music - that's been my education. There's not a day that goes by that I take it for granted. - Billie Joe Armstrong
There is two kinds of music, the good, and the bad. I play the good kind. - Louis Armstrong
Music is the universal language of mankind. - Henry Wadsworth Longfellow

81
Look deep into nature, and then you will understand everything better. - Albert Einstein
Keep close to Nature's heart... and break clear away, once in awhile, and climb a mountain or spend a week in the woods. Wash your spirit clean. - John Muir
Just living is not enough... one must have sunshine, freedom, and a little flower. - Hans Christian Andersen
Wherever you go, no matter what the weather, always bring your own sunshine. - Anthony J. D'Angelo
The woods are lovely, dark and deep. But I have promises to keep, and miles to go before I sleep. - Robert Frost
Joy in looking and comprehending is nature's most beautiful gift. - Albert Einstein
Spring is nature's way of saying, 'Let's party!' - Robin Williams
Nature always wears the colors of the spirit. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
In the depth of winter I finally learned that there was in me an invincible summer. - Albert Camus
We need to find God, and he cannot be found in noise and restlessness. God is the friend of silence. See how nature - trees, flowers, grass- grows in silence; see the stars, the moon and the sun, how they move in silence... We need silence to be able to touch souls. - Mother Teresa
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul. - John Muir
So many times, people told me I can't do this or can't do that. My nature is that I don't listen very well. I'm very determined, and I believe in myself. My parents brought me up that way. Thank God for that. I don't let anything stand in my way. - Chantal Sutherland
In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks. - John Muir
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
In the Spring, I have counted 136 different kinds of weather inside of 24 hours. - Mark Twain
All water has a perfect memory and is forever trying to get back to where it was. - Toni Morrison
Space exploration is a force of nature unto itself that no other force in society can rival. - Neil deGrasse Tyson
Every artist dips his brush in his own soul, and paints his own nature into his pictures. - Henry Ward Beecher
Green is the prime color of the world, and that from which its loveliness arises. - Pedro Calderon de la Barca
The family is one of nature's masterpieces. - George Santayana
Sunshine is delicious, rain is refreshing, wind braces us up, snow is exhilarating; there is really no such thing as bad weather, only different kinds of good weather. - John Ruskin
The art of healing comes from nature, not from the physician. Therefore the physician must start from nature, with an open mind. - Paracelsus
The sky broke like an egg into full sunset and the water caught fire. - Pamela Hansford Johnson
In nature, nothing is perfect and everything is perfect. Trees can be contorted, bent in weird ways, and they're still beautiful. - Alice Walker
Spring is when you feel like whistling even with a shoe full of slush. - Doug Larson
The earth laughs in flowers. - Ralph Waldo Emerson

82
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Your success and happiness lies in you. Resolve to keep happy, and your joy and you shall form an invincible host against difficulties. - Helen Keller
I hope that in this year to come, you make mistakes. Because if you are making mistakes, then you are making new things, trying new things, learning, living, pushing yourself, changing yourself, changing your world. You're doing things you've never done before, and more importantly, you're doing something. - Neil Gaiman
The new year stands before us, like a chapter in a book, waiting to be written. We can help write that story by setting goals. - Melody Beattie
What I like to drink most is wine that belongs to others. - Diogenes
I never worry about being driven to drink; I just worry about being driven home. - W. C. Fields
To be an ideal guest, stay at home. - E. W. Howe
To have the kind of year you want to have, something has to happen that you can't explain why it happened. Something has to happen that you can't coach. - Bobby Bowden
I have no way of knowing how people really feel, but the vast majority of those I meet couldn't be nicer. Every once in a while someone barks at me. My New Year's resolution is not to bark back. - Tucker Carlson
I had a New Year's kiss once. But it was like, 'Let's start the year off together,' and then we wound up breaking up the night after! - Joe Jonas
Make New Year's goals. Dig within, and discover what you would like to have happen in your life this year. This helps you do your part. It is an affirmation that you're interested in fully living life in the year to come. - Melody Beattie
Going to a party, for me, is as much a learning experience as, you know, sitting in a lecture. - Natalie Portman
I've had some lovely extraordinary experiences on New Year's Eve. - Debbie Harry
New Year's Resolution: To tolerate fools more gladly, provided this does not encourage them to take up more of my time. - James Agate
Dick Clark will be truly missed. We will carry on his legacy every New Year's Eve. - Fergie
Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every new year find you a better man. - Benjamin Franklin
Cheers to a new year and another chance for us to get it right. - Oprah Winfrey
New Year's Day. A fresh start. A new chapter in life waiting to be written. New questions to be asked, embraced, and loved. Answers to be discovered and then lived in this transformative year of delight and self-discovery. Today carve out a quiet interlude for yourself in which to dream, pen in hand. Only dreams give birth to change. - Sarah Ban Breathnach
Take a leap of faith and begin this wondrous new year by believing. Believe in yourself. And believe that there is a loving Source - a Sower of Dreams - just waiting to be asked to help you make your dreams come true. - Sarah Ban Breathnach
Those who gave thee a body, furnished it with weakness; but He who gave thee Soul, armed thee with resolution. Employ it, and thou art wise; be wise and thou art happy. - Akhenaton
I don't even drink! I can't stand the taste of alcohol. Every New Year's Eve I try one drink and every time it makes me feel sick. So I don't touch booze - I'm always the designated driver. - Kim Kardashian
Hope smiles from the threshold of the year to come, whispering, 'It will be happier.' - Alfred Lord Tennyson
Every time you tear a leaf off a calendar, you present a new place for new ideas and progress. - Charles Kettering
Year's end is neither an end nor a beginning but a going on, with all the wisdom that experience can instill in us. - Hal Borland
Accept what people offer. Drink their milkshakes. Take their love. - Wally Lamb
If you asked me for my New Year Resolution, it would be to find out who I am. - Cyril Cusack

83
It is easier to build strong children than to repair broken men. - Frederick Douglass
Each day of our lives we make deposits in the memory banks of our children. - Charles R. Swindoll
To be a good father and mother requires that the parents defer many of their own needs and desires in favor of the needs of their children. As a consequence of this sacrifice, conscientious parents develop a nobility of character and learn to put into practice the selfless truths taught by the Savior Himself. - James E. Faust
Children are educated by what the grown-up is and not by his talk. - Carl Jung
Loving a child doesn't mean giving in to all his whims; to love him is to bring out the best in him, to teach him to love what is difficult. - Nadia Boulanger
Childhood obesity is best tackled at home through improved parental involvement, increased physical exercise, better diet and restraint from eating. - Bob Filner
I cannot think of any need in childhood as strong as the need for a father's protection. - Sigmund Freud
A child who is allowed to be disrespectful to his parents will not have true respect for anyone. - Billy Graham
Few things are more satisfying than seeing your children have teenagers of their own. - Doug Larson
We never know the love of a parent till we become parents ourselves. - Henry Ward Beecher
A baby is born with a need to be loved - and never outgrows it. - Frank A. Clark
Education, like neurosis, begins at home. - Milton Sapirstein
Don't judge other people. For example, if you want God's anointing to be on you for parenting, you need to be careful not to criticize other parents. - Joyce Meyer
I regret not having had more time with my kids when they were growing up. - Tina Turner
At every step the child should be allowed to meet the real experience of life; the thorns should never be plucked from his roses. - Ellen Key
If we had paid no more attention to our plants than we have to our children, we would now be living in a jungle of weed. - Luther Burbank
To me luxury is to be at home with my daughter, and the occasional massage doesn't hurt. - Olivia Newton-John
My mom and dad gave their kids the greatest gift of all - the gift of unconditional love. They cared deeply about who we would be, and much less about what we would do. - Mitt Romney
Children that are raised in a home with a married mother and father consistently do better in every measure of well-being than their peers who come from divorced or step-parent, single-parent, cohabiting homes. - Todd Tiahrt
Even as kids reach adolescence, they need more than ever for us to watch over them. Adolescence is not about letting go. It's about hanging on during a very bumpy ride. - Ron Taffel
Relationships are complicated no matter what style of parenting you choose. - Mayim Bialik
Parenting is the hardest thing I have ever done. I tried to find the balance between the strict, traditional Chinese way I was raised, which I think can be too harsh, and what I see as a tendency in the West to be too permissive and indulgent. If I could do it all again, I would, with some adjustments. - Amy Chua
Happiness is not always through success. Equally, the constant pursuit of success is sure unhappiness. But we have to find the balance. My own thoughts are that parenting is very personal. And we all feel enormous insecurity about parenting. What are they going to think of us 20 years down the line? - Amy Chua
Screaming at children over their grades, especially to the point of the child's tears, is child abuse, pure and simple. It's not funny and it's not good parenting. It is a crushing, scarring, disastrous experience for the child. It isn't the least bit funny. - Ben Stein
Mama and Daddy King represent the best in manhood and womanhood, the best in a marriage, the kind of people we are trying to become. - Coretta Scott King
The more people have studied different methods of bringing up children the more they have come to the conclusion that what good mothers and fathers instinctively feel like doing for their babies is the best after all. - Benjamin Spock

84
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. - Harriet Tubman
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. - Leo Tolstoy
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success. - Napoleon Hill
Never cut a tree down in the wintertime. Never make a negative decision in the low time. Never make your most important decisions when you are in your worst moods. Wait. Be patient. The storm will pass. The spring will come. - Robert H. Schuller
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Patience is not simply the ability to wait - it's how we behave while we're waiting. - Joyce Meyer
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance. - Samuel Johnson
The key to everything is patience. You get the chicken by hatching the egg, not by smashing it. - Arnold H. Glasow
Sometimes we may ask God for success, and He gives us physical and mental stamina. We might plead for prosperity, and we receive enlarged perspective and increased patience, or we petition for growth and are blessed with the gift of grace. He may bestow upon us conviction and confidence as we strive to achieve worthy goals. - David A. Bednar
Genius is eternal patience. - Michelangelo
Patience and perseverance have a magical effect before which difficulties disappear and obstacles vanish. - John Quincy Adams
I believe that a trusting attitude and a patient attitude go hand in hand. You see, when you let go and learn to trust God, it releases joy in your life. And when you trust God, you're able to be more patient. Patience is not just about waiting for something... it's about how you wait, or your attitude while waiting. - Joyce Meyer
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet. - Jean-Jacques Rousseau
Obstacles, of course, are developmentally necessary: they teach kids strategy, patience, critical thinking, resilience and resourcefulness. - Naomi Wolf
Have patience. All things are difficult before they become easy. - Saadi
Be patient and understanding. Life is too short to be vengeful or malicious. - Phillips Brooks
How poor are they that have not patience! What wound did ever heal but by degrees? - William Shakespeare
Good ideas are not adopted automatically. They must be driven into practice with courageous patience. - Hyman Rickover
A wise man is superior to any insults which can be put upon him, and the best reply to unseemly behavior is patience and moderation. - Moliere
To learn patience is not to rebel against every hardship. - Henri Nouwen
We could never learn to be brave and patient, if there were only joy in the world. - Helen Keller
Genius is patience. - Isaac Newton
Good character is not formed in a week or a month. It is created little by little, day by day. Protracted and patient effort is needed to develop good character. - Heraclitus
I have seen many storms in my life. Most storms have caught me by surprise, so I had to learn very quickly to look further and understand that I am not capable of controlling the weather, to exercise the art of patience and to respect the fury of nature. - Paulo Coelho
Patience is the secret to good food. - Gail Simmons
Endurance is nobler than strength, and patience than beauty. - John Ruskin

85
Never in the field of human conflict was so much owed by so many to so few. - Winston Churchill
The tree of liberty must be refreshed from time to time with the blood of patriots and tyrants. - Thomas Jefferson
Wars may be fought with weapons, but they are won by men. It is the spirit of men who follow and of the man who leads that gains the victory. - George S. Patton
Patriotism is love of country. But you can't love your country without loving your countrymen and countrywomen. We don't always have to agree, but we must empower each other, we must find the common ground, we must build bridges across our differences to pursue the common good. - Cory Booker
America was not built on fear. America was built on courage, on imagination and an unbeatable determination to do the job at hand. - Harry S Truman
We, the People, recognize that we have responsibilities as well as rights; that our destinies are bound together; that a freedom which only asks what's in it for me, a freedom without a commitment to others, a freedom without love or charity or duty or patriotism, is unworthy of our founding ideals, and those who died in their defense. - Barack Obama
My dream is of a place and a time where America will once again be seen as the last best hope of earth. - Abraham Lincoln
Real patriotism is a willingness to challenge the government when it's wrong. - Ron Paul
Patriotism is when love of your own people comes first; nationalism, when hate for people other than your own comes first. - Charles de Gaulle
It is lamentable, that to be a good patriot one must become the enemy of the rest of mankind. - Voltaire
The patriot volunteer, fighting for country and his rights, makes the most reliable soldier on earth. - Stonewall Jackson
Patriotism is usually stronger than class hatred, and always stronger than internationalism. - George Orwell
I tremble for my country when I hear of confidence expressed in me. I know too well my weakness, that our only hope is in God. - Robert E. Lee
If we ever forget that we are One Nation Under God, then we will be a nation gone under. - Ronald Reagan
Let no American imagine that Zionism is inconsistent with patriotism. Multiple loyalties are objectionable only if they are inconsistent. - Louis D. Brandeis
One of the great attractions of patriotism - it fulfills our worst wishes. In the person of our nation we are able, vicariously, to bully and cheat. Bully and cheat, what's more, with a feeling that we are profoundly virtuous. - Aldous Huxley
Patriotism demands of us sustained sacrifice. - Chiang Kai-shek
We live in a time of conflict - external and internal - when we sometimes concentrate too much on what divides us. Today, fly the Stars and Stripes with pride and confidence that what unites is far stronger. - Charlie Dent
The fight for freedom must go on until it is won; until our country is free and happy and peaceful as part of the community of man, we cannot rest. - Oliver Tambo
When I grew up, I only had two dreams. One was to be a cowboy and another was to be in the military. I grew up extremely patriotic and riding horses. - Chris Kyle
Well, the post office is probably not the place you want to go if you want to be infused with patriotism and a renewed sense of vigor. - Adam Carolla
A man's country is not a certain area of land, of mountains, rivers, and woods, but it is a principle and patriotism is loyalty to that principle. - George William Curtis
I define nothing. Not beauty, not patriotism. I take each thing as it is, without prior rules about what it should be. - Bob Dylan
Growing up in New York with artist parents - a very liberal environment, where we were always encouraged to challenge the status quo - I think for a long time I confused jingoism with patriotism. And that is a mistake. - Claire Danes
Saving petrol is saving India's money. This is a sense of patriotism. The country can be energy-independent by energy conservation. I appeal to the other ministers also to do this. - Veerappa Moily
Growing up in New York City, I was always encouraged to question authority, and I think I confused patriotism with jingoism. - Claire Danes

86
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him. - Buddha
I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace. - Christie Brinkley
Did I offer peace today? Did I bring a smile to someone's face? Did I say words of healing? Did I let go of my anger and resentment? Did I forgive? Did I love? These are the real questions. I must trust that the little bit of love that I sow now will bear many fruits, here in this world and the life to come. - Henri Nouwen
I speak not for myself but for those without voice... those who have fought for their rights... their right to live in peace, their right to be treated with dignity, their right to equality of opportunity, their right to be educated. - Malala Yousafzai
An eye for an eye only ends up making the whole world blind. - Mahatma Gandhi
Peace is not absence of conflict, it is the ability to handle conflict by peaceful means. - Ronald Reagan
For every minute you remain angry, you give up sixty seconds of peace of mind. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Peace cannot be kept by force; it can only be achieved by understanding. - Albert Einstein
I see the world being slowly transformed into a wilderness; I hear the approaching thunder that, one day, will destroy us too. I feel the suffering of millions. And yet, when I look up at the sky, I somehow feel that everything will change for the better, that this cruelty too shall end, that peace and tranquility will return once more. - Anne Frank
Peace is the beauty of life. It is sunshine. It is the smile of a child, the love of a mother, the joy of a father, the togetherness of a family. It is the advancement of man, the victory of a just cause, the triumph of truth. - Menachem Begin
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength. - George Orwell
God cannot give us a happiness and peace apart from Himself, because it is not there. There is no such thing. - C. S. Lewis
Countries with higher levels of gender equality have higher economic growth. Companies with more women on their boards have higher returns. Peace agreements that include women are more successful. Parliaments with more women take up a wider range of issues - including health, education, anti-discrimination, and child support. - Ban Ki-moon
If we desire a society of peace, then we cannot achieve such a society through violence. If we desire a society without discrimination, then we must not discriminate against anyone in the process of building this society. If we desire a society that is democratic, then democracy must become a means as well as an end. - Bayard Rustin
I can have peace of mind only when I forgive rather than judge. - Gerald Jampolsky
Though force can protect in emergency, only justice, fairness, consideration and cooperation can finally lead men to the dawn of eternal peace. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Islam teaches tolerance, not hatred; universal brotherhood, not enmity; peace, and not violence. - Pervez Musharraf
Better than a thousand hollow words, is one word that brings peace. - Buddha
When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace. - Jimi Hendrix
A real man loves his wife, and places his family as the most important thing in life. Nothing has brought me more peace and content in life than simply being a good husband and father. - Frank Abagnale
If someone thinks that love and peace is a cliche that must have been left behind in the Sixties, that's his problem. Love and peace are eternal. - John Lennon
Peace begins with a smile. - Mother Teresa
We make war that we may live in peace. - Aristotle
It isn't enough to talk about peace. One must believe in it. And it isn't enough to believe in it. One must work at it. - Eleanor Roosevelt
If you want to make peace with your enemy, you have to work with your enemy. Then he becomes your partner. - Nelson Mandela

87
Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea. - Robert A. Heinlein
A dog is the only thing on earth that loves you more than you love yourself. - Josh Billings
I wish I could write as mysterious as a cat. - Edgar Allan Poe
What counts is not necessarily the size of the dog in the fight - it's the size of the fight in the dog. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
Money can buy you a fine dog, but only love can make him wag his tail. - Kinky Friedman
People always joke that 'dog' spells 'god' backwards. They should consider that it might be the higher power coming down to see just how well they do, what kind of people they are. The animals are right here, right in front of us. And how we treat these companions is a test. - Linda Blair
Until one has loved an animal a part of one's soul remains unawakened. - Anatole France
There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life: music and cats. - Albert Schweitzer
Time spent with cats is never wasted. - Sigmund Freud
If having a soul means being able to feel love and loyalty and gratitude, then animals are better off than a lot of humans. - James Herriot
I do feel like by buying rats from a pet store, you are saving them because if not, they would get fed to a snake or something. - Nikki Reed
Pets are humanizing. They remind us we have an obligation and responsibility to preserve and nurture and care for all life. - James Cromwell
The clever cat eats cheese and breathes down rat holes with baited breath. - W. C. Fields
I like animals because they are not consciously cruel and don't betray each other. - Taylor Caldwell
Animals have a much better attitude to life and death than we do. They know when their time has come. We are the ones that suffer when they pass, but it's a healing kind of grief that enables us to deal with other griefs that are not so easy to grab hold of. - Emmylou Harris
It is a good morning exercise for a research scientist to discard a pet hypothesis every day before breakfast. It keeps him young. - Konrad Lorenz
Those who wish to pet and baby wild animals 'love' them. But those who respect their natures and wish to let them live normal lives, love them more. - Edwin Way Teale
I heard that Jesus had a pet dinosaur. Evolution must be a myth then. - John Bacon
A move to a different town or school gives us new places to explore, new people to meet; a lost pet means we have to organize a careful search; baby-sitting requires looking out for dangers a young child can't foresee; a car crash or fire demands that we get help immediately. - Jim Murphy
No matter how much cats fight, there always seem to be plenty of kittens. - Abraham Lincoln
My little dog - a heartbeat at my feet. - Edith Wharton
If you are a dog and your owner suggests that you wear a sweater suggest that he wear a tail. - Fran Lebowitz
He who is cruel to animals becomes hard also in his dealings with men. We can judge the heart of a man by his treatment of animals. - Immanuel Kant
Cats seem to go on the principle that it never does any harm to ask for what you want. - Joseph Wood Krutch
Cats are rather delicate creatures and they are subject to a good many different ailments, but I have never heard of one who suffered from insomnia. - Joseph Wood Krutch
Cats are inquisitive, but hate to admit it. - Mason Cooley

88
Poetry is when an emotion has found its thought and the thought has found words. - Robert Frost
Pure mathematics is, in its way, the poetry of logical ideas. - Albert Einstein
Poetry is an echo, asking a shadow to dance. - Carl Sandburg
A poet is, before anything else, a person who is passionately in love with language. - W. H. Auden
Personality is everything in art and poetry. - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
The world is full of poetry. The air is living with its spirit; and the waves dance to the music of its melodies, and sparkle in its brightness. - James Gates Percival
Some people go to priests; others to poetry; I to my friends. - Virginia Woolf
I consider myself a poet first and a musician second. I live like a poet and I'll die like a poet. - Bob Dylan
Versatility of education can be found in our best poetry, but the depth of mankind should be found in the philosopher. - Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel
What I wanted to do in rock 'n roll was merge poetry with sonic scapes, and the two people who had contributed so much to that were Jimi Hendrix and Jim Morrison. - Patti Smith
The genesis of a poem for me is usually a cluster of words. The only good metaphor I can think of is a scientific one: dipping a thread into a supersaturated solution to induce crystal formation. I don't think I solve problems in my poetry; I think I uncover the problems. - Margaret Atwood
I don't like the word 'poetry,' and I don't like poetry readings, and I usually don't like poets. I would much prefer describing myself and what I do as: I'm kind of a curator, and I'm kind of a night-owl reporter. - Tom Waits
Any healthy man can go without food for two days - but not without poetry. - Charles Baudelaire
Always be a poet, even in prose. - Charles Baudelaire
The poetry of the earth is never dead. - John Keats
A man of eighty has outlived probably three new schools of painting, two of architecture and poetry and a hundred in dress. - Lord Byron
Teach you children poetry; it opens the mind, lends grace to wisdom and makes the heroic virtues hereditary. - Walter Scott
Writing a book of poetry is like dropping a rose petal down the Grand Canyon and waiting for the echo. - Don Marquis
I'm fascinated by rap and by hip-hop. I think there's a lot of poetry in it. There's a lot of anger, a lot of social energy in it. And I think you'd better listen to it pretty carefully, 'cause it's important. - John F. Kerry
We make out of the quarrel with others, rhetoric, but of the quarrel with ourselves, poetry. - William Butler Yeats
I always liked the magic of poetry but now I'm just starting to see behind the curtain of even the best poets, how they've used, tried and tested craft to create the illusion. Wonderful feeling of exhilaration to finally be there. - David Knopfler
And at least in poetry you should feel free to lie. That is, not to lie, but to imagine what you want, to follow the direction of the poem. - Mark Strand
Yet, it is true, poetry is delicious; the best prose is that which is most full of poetry. - Virginia Woolf
Poetry and music are very good friends. Like mommies and daddies and strawberries and cream - they go together. - Nikki Giovanni
I think the term poet is a very exalted term and should be applied to a man at the end of his work. When he looks back over the body of his work and he's written poetry then let the verdict be that he's a poet. - Leonard Cohen
Music is my thing. It's my thing; it's what I love. It's what I do. It's football to me; it's Christmas to me; religion to me; poetry to me. - Ryan Adams

89
I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend. - Thomas Jefferson
I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy. - John Adams
We have to be bold in our national ambitions. First, we must win the fight against poverty within the next decade. Second, we must improve moral standards in government and society to provide a strong foundation for good governance. Third, we must change the character of our politics to promote fertile ground for reforms. - Gloria Macapagal Arroyo
I am a teacher. It's how I define myself. A good teacher isn't someone who gives the answers out to their kids but is understanding of needs and challenges and gives tools to help other people succeed. That's the way I see myself, so whatever it is that I will do eventually after politics, it'll have to do a lot with teaching. - Justin Trudeau
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of doing the hard work you already did. - Newt Gingrich
One of the key problems today is that politics is such a disgrace, good people don't go into government. - Donald Trump
NASA is an engine of innovation and inspiration as well as the world's premier space exploration agency, and we are well served by politicians working to keep it that way, instead of turning it into a mere jobs program, or worse, cutting its budget. - Bill Nye
Being in politics is like being a football coach. You have to be smart enough to understand the game, and dumb enough to think it's important. - Eugene McCarthy
When we are sick, we want an uncommon doctor; when we have a construction job to do, we want an uncommon engineer, and when we are at war, we want an uncommon general. It is only when we get into politics that we are satisfied with the common man. - Herbert Hoover
Art, freedom and creativity will change society faster than politics. - Victor Pinchuk
The most important political office is that of the private citizen. - Louis D. Brandeis
People say satire is dead. It's not dead; it's alive and living in the White House. - Robin Williams
The revolution is a dictatorship of the exploited against the exploiters. - Fidel Castro
A fool and his money are soon elected. - Will Rogers
In every country, politics is considered to be a waste of time. - Malala Yousafzai
One of the penalties for refusing to participate in politics is that you end up being governed by your inferiors. - Plato
I have long enjoyed the friendship and companionship of Republicans because I am by instinct a teacher, and I would like to teach them something. - Woodrow Wilson
If you are going to sin, sin against God, not the bureaucracy. God will forgive you but the bureaucracy won't. - Hyman Rickover
There are no morals in politics; there is only expedience. A scoundrel may be of use to us just because he is a scoundrel. - Vladimir Lenin
Politics is the entertainment branch of industry. - Frank Zappa
Social equity is based on justice; politics change on the opinion of the time. The black man's skin will be a mark of social inferiority so long as white men are conceited, ignorant, unjust, and prejudiced. You cannot legislate these qualities out of the white - you must steal them out by teaching, illustration, and example. - John Boyle O'Reilly
You can rule ignorance; you can manipulate the illiterate; you can do whatever you want when a people are uneducated, so that goes in line with corrupt business and corrupt politics. - will.i.am
Pop culture shapes our ideas of what is normal and what our dreams can be and what our roles are. Politics, of course, decides how the power and the money in the country is distributed. Both are equally important, and each affects the other. - Gloria Steinem
Let us not seek the Republican answer or the Democratic answer, but the right answer. Let us not seek to fix the blame for the past. Let us accept our own responsibility for the future. - John F. Kennedy
The first lesson of economics is scarcity: there is never enough of anything to fully satisfy all those who want it. The first lesson of politics is to disregard the first lesson of economics. - Thomas Sowell
At the bottom of education, at the bottom of politics, even at the bottom of religion, there must be for our race economic independence. - Booker T. Washington

90
Love yourself. It is important to stay positive because beauty comes from the inside out. - Jenn Proske
Live life to the fullest, and focus on the positive. - Matt Cameron
Stay positive and happy. Work hard and don't give up hope. Be open to criticism and keep learning. Surround yourself with happy, warm and genuine people. - Tena Desae
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success. - Joyce Brothers
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results. - Willie Nelson
You cannot have a positive life and a negative mind. - Joyce Meyer
Successful people maintain a positive focus in life no matter what is going on around them. They stay focused on their past successes rather than their past failures, and on the next action steps they need to take to get them closer to the fulfillment of their goals rather than all the other distractions that life presents to them. - Jack Canfield
Work hard for what you want because it won't come to you without a fight. You have to be strong and courageous and know that you can do anything you put your mind to. If somebody puts you down or criticizes you, just keep on believing in yourself and turn it into something positive. - Leah LaBelle
I believe if you keep your faith, you keep your trust, you keep the right attitude, if you're grateful, you'll see God open up new doors. - Joel Osteen
Yesterday is not ours to recover, but tomorrow is ours to win or lose. - Lyndon B. Johnson
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow. - Helen Keller
In order to carry a positive action we must develop here a positive vision. - Dalai Lama
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It's the best part of the day. - George Allen, Sr.
Did I offer peace today? Did I bring a smile to someone's face? Did I say words of healing? Did I let go of my anger and resentment? Did I forgive? Did I love? These are the real questions. I must trust that the little bit of love that I sow now will bear many fruits, here in this world and the life to come. - Henri Nouwen
Every day brings new choices. - Martha Beck
I truly believe that everything that we do and everyone that we meet is put in our path for a purpose. There are no accidents; we're all teachers - if we're willing to pay attention to the lessons we learn, trust our positive instincts and not be afraid to take risks or wait for some miracle to come knocking at our door. - Marla Gibbs
God never ends anything on a negative; God always ends on a positive. - Edwin Louis Cole
Adopting the right attitude can convert a negative stress into a positive one. - Hans Selye
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events and outcomes. It is a catalyst and it sparks extraordinary results. - Wade Boggs
Virtually nothing is impossible in this world if you just put your mind to it and maintain a positive attitude. - Lou Holtz
Find a place inside where there's joy, and the joy will burn out the pain. - Joseph Campbell
If you have a positive attitude and constantly strive to give your best effort, eventually you will overcome your immediate problems and find you are ready for greater challenges. - Pat Riley
When you think positive, good things happen. - Matt Kemp
You're going to go through tough times - that's life. But I say, 'Nothing happens to you, it happens for you.' See the positive in negative events. - Joel Osteen
Your positive action combined with positive thinking results in success. - Shiv Khera
Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you. - Les Brown

91
Nearly all men can stand adversity, but if you want to test a man's character, give him power. - Abraham Lincoln
I do not wish women to have power over men; but over themselves. - Mary Shelley
We must develop and maintain the capacity to forgive. He who is devoid of the power to forgive is devoid of the power to love. There is some good in the worst of us and some evil in the best of us. When we discover this, we are less prone to hate our enemies. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family. - Kofi Annan
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect. - Bruce Lee
The past cannot be changed. The future is yet in your power. - Unknown
When the whole world is silent, even one voice becomes powerful. - Malala Yousafzai
Let us never forget that government is ourselves and not an alien power over us. The ultimate rulers of our democracy are not a President and senators and congressmen and government officials, but the voters of this country. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Nuclear power will help provide the electricity that our growing economy needs without increasing emissions. This is truly an environmentally responsible source of energy. - Michael Burgess
Beauty is power; a smile is its sword. - John Ray
The media's the most powerful entity on earth. They have the power to make the innocent guilty and to make the guilty innocent, and that's power. Because they control the minds of the masses. - Malcolm X
Those who improve with age embrace the power of personal growth and personal achievement and begin to replace youth with wisdom, innocence with understanding, and lack of purpose with self-actualization. - Bo Bennett
Every day we have plenty of opportunities to get angry, stressed or offended. But what you're doing when you indulge these negative emotions is giving something outside yourself power over your happiness. You can choose to not let little things upset you. - Joel Osteen
Words are singularly the most powerful force available to humanity. We can choose to use this force constructively with words of encouragement, or destructively using words of despair. Words have energy and power with the ability to help, to heal, to hinder, to hurt, to harm, to humiliate and to humble. - Yehuda Berg
What then is freedom? The power to live as one wishes. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
Prayer is man's greatest power! - W. Clement Stone
Each person holds so much power within themselves that needs to be let out. Sometimes they just need a little nudge, a little direction, a little support, a little coaching, and the greatest things can happen. - Pete Carroll
Never underestimate the power of dreams and the influence of the human spirit. We are all the same in this notion: The potential for greatness lives within each of us. - Wilma Rudolph
The best advice I ever got was that knowledge is power and to keep reading. - David Bailey
The older I get, the greater power I seem to have to help the world; I am like a snowball - the further I am rolled the more I gain. - Susan B. Anthony
If you must break the law, do it to seize power: in all other cases observe it. - Julius Caesar
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love. - Don Miguel Ruiz
Power is not a means, it is an end. One does not establish a dictatorship in order to safeguard a revolution; one makes the revolution in order to establish the dictatorship. - George Orwell
You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength. - Marcus Aurelius
When the power of love overcomes the love of power the world will know peace. - Jimi Hendrix
Human greatness does not lie in wealth or power, but in character and goodness. People are just people, and all people have faults and shortcomings, but all of us are born with a basic goodness. - Anne Frank

92
Health is the greatest gift, contentment the greatest wealth, faithfulness the best relationship. - Buddha
If you love someone, set them free. If they come back they're yours; if they don't they never were. - Richard Bach
Nobody can predict the future. You just have to give your all to the relationship you're in and do your best to take care of your partner, communicate and give them every last drop of love you have. I think one of the most important things in a relationship is caring for your significant other through good times and bad. - Nick Cannon
There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage. - Martin Luther
There is always some madness in love. But there is also always some reason in madness. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Truth is everybody is going to hurt you: you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for. - Bob Marley
You can never control who you fall in love with, even when you're in the most sad, confused time of your life. You don't fall in love with people because they're fun. It just happens. - Kirsten Dunst
When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time. - Maya Angelou
When a woman is talking to you, listen to what she says with her eyes. - Victor Hugo
We are afraid to care too much, for fear that the other person does not care at all. - Eleanor Roosevelt
I'm lucky in having found the perfect partner to spend my life with. - Sara Paretsky
How people treat you is their karma; how you react is yours. - Wayne Dyer
In finding love, I think it's important to be patient. In being in a relationship, I think it's important to be honest, to communicate, to respect and trust, and to strive to give more than you take. - Kina Grannis
I think it's important to have closure in any relationship that ends - from a romantic relationship to a friendship. You should always have a sense of clarity at the end and know why it began and why it ended. You need that in your life to move cleanly into your next phase. - Jennifer Aniston
There is no love without forgiveness, and there is no forgiveness without love. - Bryant H. McGill
You can discover more about a person in an hour of play than in a year of conversation. - Plato
We don't develop courage by being happy every day. We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity. - Barbara De Angelis
But let there be spaces in your togetherness and let the winds of the heavens dance between you. Love one another but make not a bond of love: let it rather be a moving sea between the shores of your souls. - Khalil Gibran
Sister is probably the most competitive relationship within the family, but once the sisters are grown, it becomes the strongest relationship. - Margaret Mead
I believe that two people are connected at the heart, and it doesn't matter what you do, or who you are or where you live; there are no boundaries or barriers if two people are destined to be together. - Julia Roberts
I have a great relationship with the Mexican people. - Donald Trump
Justice is never given; it is exacted and the struggle must be continuous for freedom is never a final fact, but a continuing evolving process to higher and higher levels of human, social, economic, political and religious relationship. - A. Philip Randolph
Never above you. Never below you. Always beside you. - Walter Winchell
I don't have a good work ethic. I have a real casual relationship with hours. - Janeane Garofalo
I am convinced that material things can contribute a lot to making one's life pleasant, but, basically, if you do not have very good friends and relatives who matter to you, life will be really empty and sad and material things cease to be important. - David Rockefeller
To catch a husband is an art; to hold him is a job. - Simone de Beauvoir

93
Just as a candle cannot burn without fire, men cannot live without a spiritual life. - Buddha
There should be no discrimination against languages people speak, skin color, or religion. - Malala Yousafzai
Prayer does not change God, but it changes him who prays. - Soren Kierkegaard
When I admire the wonders of a sunset or the beauty of the moon, my soul expands in the worship of the creator. - Mahatma Gandhi
I never considered a difference of opinion in politics, in religion, in philosophy, as cause for withdrawing from a friend. - Thomas Jefferson
When I do good, I feel good. When I do bad, I feel bad. That's my religion. - Abraham Lincoln
It is my goal to love everyone. I hate no one. Regardless of their race, religion, their proclivities, the desire of their heart and how they want to live their life and the decisions that they make. I can even respect people's decisions and lifestyle choices just as I hope they have the courtesy to respect my decisions and my choices. - Kirk Cameron
A thorough knowledge of the Bible is worth more than a college education. - Theodore Roosevelt
I prayed for twenty years but received no answer until I prayed with my legs. - Frederick Douglass
Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind. - Albert Einstein
Prayer is the key of the morning and the bolt of the evening. - Mahatma Gandhi
If I have any worth, it is to live my life for God so as to teach these peoples; even though some of them still look down on me. - Saint Patrick
People have evolved into something selfish, greedy and intolerant. People are unaccepting, because of religion, race, gender, sexual orientation... I've seen it in punk clubs, and I've seen it in the world. - Gerard Way
So I say to you, Ask and it will be given to you; search, and you will find; knock, and the door will be opened for you. - Jesus Christ
My religion is very simple. My religion is kindness. - Dalai Lama
Finding that no religion is based on facts and cannot be true, I began to reflect what must be the condition of mankind trained from infancy to believe in error. - Robert Owen
God is a metaphor for that which transcends all levels of intellectual thought. It's as simple as that. - Joseph Campbell
If your religion is better than mine and your opinion, you have a real problem. - Michael Berryman
One act of obedience is better than one hundred sermons. - Dietrich Bonhoeffer
When it is a question of money, everybody is of the same religion. - Voltaire
Let us with caution indulge the supposition that morality can be maintained without religion. Reason and experience both forbid us to expect that national morality can prevail in exclusion of religious principle. - George Washington
Instead of being presented with stereotypes by age, sex, color, class, or religion, children must have the opportunity to learn that within each range, some people are loathsome and some are delightful. - Margaret Mead
A strong argument for the religion of Christ is this - that offences against Charity are about the only ones which men on their death-beds can be made - not to understand - but to feel - as crime. - Edgar Allan Poe
Work out your own salvation. Do not depend on others. - Buddha
I believe in the religion of Islam. I believe in Allah and peace. - Muhammad Ali
Be strong, believe in freedom and in God, love yourself, understand your sexuality, have a sense of humor, masturbate, don't judge people by their religion, color or sexual habits, love life and your family. - Madonna Ciccone

94
One of the most sincere forms of respect is actually listening to what another has to say. - Bryant H. McGill
We learned about gratitude and humility - that so many people had a hand in our success, from the teachers who inspired us to the janitors who kept our school clean... and we were taught to value everyone's contribution and treat everyone with respect. - Michelle Obama
Knowledge will give you power, but character respect. - Bruce Lee
All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose. - Brian Tracy
If we lose love and self respect for each other, this is how we finally die. - Maya Angelou
It is my goal to love everyone. I hate no one. Regardless of their race, religion, their proclivities, the desire of their heart and how they want to live their life and the decisions that they make. I can even respect people's decisions and lifestyle choices just as I hope they have the courtesy to respect my decisions and my choices. - Kirk Cameron
Let us remember we are all part of one American family. We are united in common values, and that includes belief in equality under the law, basic respect for public order, and the right of peaceful protest. - Barack Obama
The bond that links your true family is not one of blood, but of respect and joy in each other's life. - Richard Bach
In finding love, I think it's important to be patient. In being in a relationship, I think it's important to be honest, to communicate, to respect and trust, and to strive to give more than you take. - Kina Grannis
I'm not concerned with your liking or disliking me... All I ask is that you respect me as a human being. - Jackie Robinson
Respect for ourselves guides our morals, respect for others guides our manners. - Laurence Sterne
There are lots of people I admire and respect, but I don't necessarily want to be like them. I'm too happy being myself. - James D'arcy
Never respect men merely for their riches, but rather for their philanthropy; we do not value the sun for its height, but for its use. - Gamaliel Bailey
We don't need to share the same opinions as others, but we need to be respectful. - Taylor Swift
I write for those women who do not speak, for those who do not have a voice because they were so terrified, because we are taught to respect fear more than ourselves. We've been taught that silence would save us, but it won't. - Audre Lorde
We should all consider each other as human beings, and we should respect each other. - Malala Yousafzai
A person's a person, no matter how small. - Dr. Seuss
When you practice gratefulness, there is a sense of respect toward others. - Dalai Lama
Next month, I will celebrate my 30th anniversary of marriage with my beautiful bride, Vicki. Our marriage has been a blessing. I have gained even more respect for the institution over the past 3 decades and will defend it against attack. - Todd Tiahrt
The only thing I command is respect. - Kyrie Irving
The sea speaks a language polite people never repeat. It is a colossal scavenger slang and has no respect. - Carl Sandburg
I do respect people's faith, but I don't respect their manipulation of that faith in order to create fear and control. - Javier Bardem
We must respect the past, and mistrust the present, if we wish to provide for the safety of the future. - Joseph Joubert
There is always the danger that we may just do the work for the sake of the work. This is where the respect and the love and the devotion come in - that we do it to God, to Christ, and that's why we try to do it as beautifully as possible. - Mother Teresa
Most good relationships are built on mutual trust and respect. - Mona Sutphen
The biggest ingredient in a best friend is someone whose actions you respect and who you can truly be yourself around. - Renee Olstead

95
A beautiful woman delights the eye; a wise woman, the understanding; a pure one, the soul. - Minna Antrim
Love recognizes no barriers. It jumps hurdles, leaps fences, penetrates walls to arrive at its destination full of hope. - Maya Angelou
I am in you and you in me, mutual in divine love. - William Blake
True love stories never have endings. - Richard Bach
I think it's important to have closure in any relationship that ends - from a romantic relationship to a friendship. You should always have a sense of clarity at the end and know why it began and why it ended. You need that in your life to move cleanly into your next phase. - Jennifer Aniston
There is no charm equal to tenderness of heart. - Jane Austen
Love planted a rose, and the world turned sweet. - Katharine Lee Bates
O, thou art fairer than the evening air clad in the beauty of a thousand stars. - Christopher Marlowe
My heart is like a singing bird. - Christina Rossetti
Love is the silent saying and saying of a single name. - Mignon McLaughlin
All that we see or seem is but a dream within a dream. - Edgar Allan Poe
I love you more than my own skin. - Frida Kahlo
We are each of us angels with only one wing, and we can only fly by embracing one another. - Luciano De Crescenzo
When you look at me, when you think of me, I am in paradise. - William Makepeace Thackeray
French is the language that turns dirt into romance. - Stephen King
I love you the more in that I believe you had liked me for my own sake and for nothing else. - John Keats
Kiss me and you will see how important I am. - Sylvia Plath
I have played so many romantic roles that I don't know if I am really a romantic in real life. I get confused about the real me. - Dhanush
Bid me to love, and I will give a loving heart to thee. - Robert Herrick
That on a romantic level, if you feel it about somebody and it's pure, it means that they do too. - Sean Penn
Today I begin to understand what love must be, if it exists... When we are parted, we each feel the lack of the other half of ourselves. We are incomplete like a book in two volumes of which the first has been lost. That is what I imagine love to be: incompleteness in absence. - Edmond de Goncourt
The curse of the romantic is a greed for dreams, an intensity of expectation that, in the end, diminishes the reality. - Marya Mannes
Romance is tempestuous. Love is calm. - Mason Cooley
Be brave, young lovers, and follow your star. - Oscar Hammerstein II
I have always been a romantic, one of those people who believes that a woman in pink circus tights contains all the secrets of the universe. - Tom Robbins
When I walk with you I feel as if I had a flower in my buttonhole. - William Makepeace Thackeray

96
Some days are just bad days, that's all. You have to experience sadness to know happiness, and I remind myself that not every day is going to be a good day, that's just the way it is! - Dita Von Teese
Tears come from the heart and not from the brain. - Leonardo da Vinci
You can never control who you fall in love with, even when you're in the most sad, confused time of your life. You don't fall in love with people because they're fun. It just happens. - Kirsten Dunst
It's sad to know I'm done. But looking back, I've got a lot of great memories. - Bonnie Blair
Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts. - Paramahansa Yogananda
First, accept sadness. Realize that without losing, winning isn't so great. - Alyssa Milano
Worry never robs tomorrow of its sorrow, it only saps today of its joy. - Leo Buscaglia
It's time to say goodbye, but I think goodbyes are sad and I'd much rather say hello. Hello to a new adventure. - Ernie Harwell
Sadness flies away on the wings of time. - Jean de La Fontaine
But it's a journey and the sad thing is you only learn from experience, so as much as someone can tell you things, you have to go out there and make your own mistakes in order to learn. - Emma Watson
Every human walks around with a certain kind of sadness. They may not wear it on their sleeves, but it's there if you look deep. - Taraji P. Henson
The word 'happy' would lose its meaning if it were not balanced by sadness. - Carl Jung
There is a sacredness in tears. They are not the mark of weakness, but of power. They speak more eloquently than ten thousand tongues. They are the messengers of overwhelming grief, of deep contrition, and of unspeakable love. - Washington Irving
We all had lots of stories of our sad experiences - they mourned the death of my wife with me - but we were hopeful that the children would return. - Otto Frank
I am convinced that material things can contribute a lot to making one's life pleasant, but, basically, if you do not have very good friends and relatives who matter to you, life will be really empty and sad and material things cease to be important. - David Rockefeller
The good times of today, are the sad thoughts of tomorrow. - Bob Marley
Depression is the inability to construct a future. - Rollo May
Live by this credo: have a little laugh at life and look around you for happiness instead of sadness. Laughter has always brought me out of unhappy situations. - Red Skelton
Crying is cleansing. There's a reason for tears, happiness or sadness. - Dionne Warwick
I do believe that if you haven't learnt about sadness, you cannot appreciate happiness. - Nana Mouskouri
I am an optimist, unrepentant and militant. After all, in order not to be a fool an optimist must know how sad a place the world can be. It is only the pessimist who finds this out anew every day. - Peter Ustinov
Nothing is more sad than the death of an illusion. - Arthur Koestler
If my world were to cave in tomorrow, I would look back on all the pleasures, excitements and worthwhilenesses I have been lucky enough to have had. Not the sadness, not my miscarriages or my father leaving home, but the joy of everything else. It will have been enough. - Audrey Hepburn
The rose and the thorn, and sorrow and gladness are linked together. - Saadi
The reason for the sadness of this modern age and the men who live in it is that it looks for the truth in everything and finds it. - Edmond de Goncourt
Tears are the summer showers to the soul. - Alfred Austin

97
To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funny bone. - Reba McEntire
Christ beside me, Christ before me, Christ behind me, Christ within me, Christ beneath me, Christ above me. - Saint Patrick
I say luck is when an opportunity comes along and you're prepared for it. - Denzel Washington
We have always found the Irish a bit odd. They refuse to be English. - Winston Churchill
You gotta try your luck at least once a day, because you could be going around lucky all day and not even know it. - Jimmy Dean
Our prayers should be for blessings in general, for God knows best what is good for us. - Socrates
Be true to your work, your word, and your friend. - John Boyle O'Reilly
Being Irish, he had an abiding sense of tragedy, which sustained him through temporary periods of joy. - William Butler Yeats
Luck is believing you're lucky. - Tennessee Williams
Being Irish, I always had this love of words. - Kenneth Branagh
I try to be grateful for the abundance of the blessings that I have, for the journey that I'm on and to relish each day as a gift. - James McGreevey
I love everything that's old, - old friends, old times, old manners, old books, old wine. - Oliver Goldsmith
Love is never defeated, and I could add, the history of Ireland proves it. - Pope John Paul II
I believe in Christianity as I believe that the sun has risen: not only because I see it, but because by it I see everything else. - C. S. Lewis
Think where man's glory most begins and ends, and say my glory was I had such friends. - William Butler Yeats
Cherish your human connections: your relationships with friends and family. - Joseph Brodsky
Fond memory brings the light of other days around me. - Thomas Moore
A blessing is a circle of light drawn around a person to protect, heal and strengthen. - John O'Donohue
I come from an Irish Catholic family, and hell-raising is part of the DNA. - Brian Dennehy
Geographically, Ireland is a medium-sized rural island that is slowly but steadily being consumed by sheep. - Dave Barry
You've got to think lucky. If you fall into a mudhole, check your back pocket - you might have caught a fish. - Darrell Royal
The joyful heart sees and reads the world with a sense of freedom and graciousness. - John O'Donohue
If you're Irish, it doesn't matter where you go - you'll find family. - Victoria Smurfit
If it was raining soup, the Irish would go out with forks. - Brendan Behan
Every St. Patrick's Day every Irishman goes out to find another Irishman to make a speech to. - Shane Leslie
There is no language like the Irish for soothing and quieting. - John Millington Synge

98
Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former. - Albert Einstein
No amount of experimentation can ever prove me right; a single experiment can prove me wrong. - Albert Einstein
Success is a science; if you have the conditions, you get the result. - Oscar Wilde
To raise new questions, new possibilities, to regard old problems from a new angle, requires creative imagination and marks real advance in science. - Albert Einstein
Once you have an innovation culture, even those who are not scientists or engineers - poets, actors, journalists - they, as communities, embrace the meaning of what it is to be scientifically literate. They embrace the concept of an innovation culture. They vote in ways that promote it. They don't fight science and they don't fight technology. - Neil deGrasse Tyson
The science of today is the technology of tomorrow. - Edward Teller
Science is a way of thinking much more than it is a body of knowledge. - Carl Sagan
Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind. - Albert Einstein
The art and science of asking questions is the source of all knowledge. - Thomas Berger
Bad times have a scientific value. These are occasions a good learner would not miss. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Science is the great antidote to the poison of enthusiasm and superstition. - Adam Smith
Science does not know its debt to imagination. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Science fiction is any idea that occurs in the head and doesn't exist yet, but soon will, and will change everything for everybody, and nothing will ever be the same again. As soon as you have an idea that changes some small part of the world you are writing science fiction. It is always the art of the possible, never the impossible. - Ray Bradbury
There is science, logic, reason; there is thought verified by experience. And then there is California. - Edward Abbey
Biochemistry is the science of life. All our life processes - walking, talking, moving, feeding - are essentially chemical reactions. So biochemistry is actually the chemistry of life, and it's supremely interesting. - Aaron Ciechanover
Science knows no country, because knowledge belongs to humanity, and is the torch which illuminates the world. - Louis Pasteur
Crucial to science education is hands-on involvement: showing, not just telling; real experiments and field trips and not just 'virtual reality.' - Martin Rees
We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows anything about science and technology. - Carl Sagan
Medicine is a science of uncertainty and an art of probability. - William Osler
Science is organized knowledge. Wisdom is organized life. - Immanuel Kant
Science has not yet taught us if madness is or is not the sublimity of the intelligence. - Edgar Allan Poe
On the ordinary view of each species having been independently created, we gain no scientific explanation. - Charles Darwin
There are no shortcuts in evolution. - Louis D. Brandeis
Science is the key to our future, and if you don't believe in science, then you're holding everybody back. - Bill Nye
My views as an individual ought not to be confused with my views as a scientist - the minute you try to mingle God and science, you get into trouble. Metaphysics has its place, and science has its place; don't mix the two. - Vilayanur S. Ramachandran

99
Smile in the mirror. Do that every morning and you'll start to see a big difference in your life. - Yoko Ono
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love. - Maya Angelou
Let us always meet each other with smile, for the smile is the beginning of love. - Mother Teresa
Share your smile with the world. It's a symbol of friendship and peace. - Christie Brinkley
A smile is happiness you'll find right under your nose. - Tom Wilson
Did I offer peace today? Did I bring a smile to someone's face? Did I say words of healing? Did I let go of my anger and resentment? Did I forgive? Did I love? These are the real questions. I must trust that the little bit of love that I sow now will bear many fruits, here in this world and the life to come. - Henri Nouwen
Don't cry because it's over. Smile because it happened. - Dr. Seuss
We shall never know all the good that a simple smile can do. - Mother Teresa
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death. - Leonardo da Vinci
The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection. - Thomas Paine
Peace is the beauty of life. It is sunshine. It is the smile of a child, the love of a mother, the joy of a father, the togetherness of a family. It is the advancement of man, the victory of a just cause, the triumph of truth. - Menachem Begin
Beauty is power; a smile is its sword. - John Ray
Because of your smile, you make life more beautiful. - Thich Nhat Hanh
The greatest self is a peaceful smile, that always sees the world smiling back. - Bryant H. McGill
I love a man with a great sense of humor and who is intelligent - a man who has a great smile. He has to make me laugh. I like a man who is very ambitious and driven and who has a good heart and makes me feel safe. I like a man who is very strong and independent and confident - that is very sexy - but at the same time, he's very kind to people. - Nicole Scherzinger
Nothing you wear is more important than your smile. - Connie Stevens
Your smile will give you a positive countenance that will make people feel comfortable around you. - Les Brown
While you're going through this process of trying to find the satisfaction in your work, pretend you feel satisfied. Tell yourself you had a good day. Walk through the corridors with a smile rather than a scowl. Your positive energy will radiate. If you act like you're having fun, you'll find you are having fun. - Jean Chatzky
Let my soul smile through my heart and my heart smile through my eyes, that I may scatter rich smiles in sad hearts. - Paramahansa Yogananda
A woman whose smile is open and whose expression is glad has a kind of beauty no matter what she wears. - Anne Roiphe
Start every day off with a smile and get it over with. - W. C. Fields
A smile is the universal welcome. - Max Eastman
You take away all the other luxuries in life, and if you can make someone smile and laugh, you have given the most special gift: happiness. - Brad Garrett
A warm smile is the universal language of kindness. - William Arthur Ward
Peace begins with a smile. - Mother Teresa
Beauty is truth's smile when she beholds her own face in a perfect mirror. - Rabindranath Tagore

100
Knowledge is power. Information is liberating. Education is the premise of progress, in every society, in every family. - Kofi Annan
Individual commitment to a group effort - that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work. - Vince Lombardi
You must not lose faith in humanity. Humanity is an ocean; if a few drops of the ocean are dirty, the ocean does not become dirty. - Mahatma Gandhi
Where justice is denied, where poverty is enforced, where ignorance prevails, and where any one class is made to feel that society is an organized conspiracy to oppress, rob and degrade them, neither persons nor property will be safe. - Frederick Douglass
We have to be bold in our national ambitions. First, we must win the fight against poverty within the next decade. Second, we must improve moral standards in government and society to provide a strong foundation for good governance. Third, we must change the character of our politics to promote fertile ground for reforms. - Gloria Macapagal Arroyo
Space exploration is a force of nature unto itself that no other force in society can rival. - Neil deGrasse Tyson
If we desire a society of peace, then we cannot achieve such a society through violence. If we desire a society without discrimination, then we must not discriminate against anyone in the process of building this society. If we desire a society that is democratic, then democracy must become a means as well as an end. - Bayard Rustin
The Holocaust illustrates the consequences of prejudice, racism and stereotyping on a society. It forces us to examine the responsibilities of citizenship and confront the powerful ramifications of indifference and inaction. - Tim Holden
To educate a man in mind and not in morals is to educate a menace to society. - Theodore Roosevelt
If you have to put someone on a pedestal, put teachers. They are society's heroes. - Guy Kawasaki
If someone is gay and he searches for the Lord and has good will, who am I to judge? We shouldn't marginalise people for this. They must be integrated into society. - Pope Francis
Art, freedom and creativity will change society faster than politics. - Victor Pinchuk
If society will not admit of woman's free development, then society must be remodeled. - Elizabeth Blackwell
Having soon discovered to be great, I must appear so, and therefore studiously avoided mixing in society, and wrapped myself in mystery, devoting my time to fasting and prayer. - Nat Turner
We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows anything about science and technology. - Carl Sagan
I think the first duty of society is justice. - Alexander Hamilton
We have to talk about liberating minds as well as liberating society. - Angela Davis
A gender-equal society would be one where the word 'gender' does not exist: where everyone can be themselves. - Gloria Steinem
AIDS is not just God's punishment for homosexuals; it is God's punishment for the society that tolerates homosexuals. - Jerry Falwell
Men make history and not the other way around. In periods where there is no leadership, society stands still. Progress occurs when courageous, skillful leaders seize the opportunity to change things for the better. - Harry S Truman
The most important impact on society and the world is the cell phone. Cell phones have actually been one of the primary drivers in productivity improvements. - Fabrice Grinda
I say what I want to say and do what I want to do. There's no in between. People will either love you for it or hate you for it. - Eminem
Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society. - Mark Twain
A newspaper is a public trust, and we will suffer as a society without them. It is not the Internet that has killed them. It is their own greed, it is their own stupidity, and it is capitalism that has taken our daily newspapers from us. - Michael Moore
The spirit of truth and the spirit of freedom - these are the pillars of society. - Henrik Ibsen
We live in America. We live in a free society where we are able to make choices. It's about giving individuals freedoms and holding them accountable. - Gary Johnson

101
You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space. - Johnny Cash
There is always space for improvement, no matter how long you've been in the business. - Oscar De La Hoya
We need to give each other the space to grow, to be ourselves, to exercise our diversity. We need to give each other space so that we may both give and receive such beautiful things as ideas, openness, dignity, joy, healing, and inclusion. - Max de Pree
Space exploration is a force of nature unto itself that no other force in society can rival. - Neil deGrasse Tyson
That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind. - Neil Armstrong
Throw your dreams into space like a kite, and you do not know what it will bring back, a new life, a new friend, a new love, a new country. - Anais Nin
Time and space - time to be alone, space to move about - these may well become the great scarcities of tomorrow. - Edwin Way Teale
Music was my refuge. I could crawl into the space between the notes and curl my back to loneliness. - Maya Angelou
NASA is an engine of innovation and inspiration as well as the world's premier space exploration agency, and we are well served by politicians working to keep it that way, instead of turning it into a mere jobs program, or worse, cutting its budget. - Bill Nye
When you look at the stars and the galaxy, you feel that you are not just from any particular piece of land, but from the solar system. - Kalpana Chawla
Those are the same stars, and that is the same moon, that look down upon your brothers and sisters, and which they see as they look up to them, though they are ever so far away from us, and each other. - Sojourner Truth
When walking, you see things that you miss in a motor car or on the train. You give your mind space to ponder. - Tom Hodgkinson
Your sacred space is where you can find yourself again and again. - Joseph Campbell
Looking down the road, space exploration and the benefits it yields - in medicine and information technology - should not be overlooked. - Bob Barr
Modern science says: 'The sun is the past, the earth is the present, the moon is the future.' From an incandescent mass we have originated, and into a frozen mass we shall turn. Merciless is the law of nature, and rapidly and irresistibly we are drawn to our doom. - Nikola Tesla
Architecture is basically the design of interiors, the art of organizing interior space. - Philip Johnson
A library is a place that is a repository of information and gives every citizen equal access to it. That includes health information. And mental health information. It's a community space. It's a place of safety, a haven from the world. - Neil Gaiman
The people you see in Nigeria today have always lived as neighbors in the same space for as long as we can remember. So it's a matter of settling down, lowering the rhetoric, the level of hostility in the rhetoric is too high. - Chinua Achebe
When we're growing up there are all sorts of people telling us what to do when really what we need is space to work out who to be. - Ellen Page
Language is a virus from outer space. - William S. Burroughs
WWE is a space where I thrived, and I loved, and I still do. I love connecting with an audience; that is the greatest thing about going back to WWE. - Dwayne Johnson
Performing tai chi in space - it is comfortable; we got more outer space chi. - Liu Yang
'Cyberspace' is a metaphorical idea which is supposed to be the space where your consciousness is located when you're using computer technology on the Internet, for example, and I'm not entirely sure it's such a useful term, but I think that's what most people mean by it. - Neil Postman
I see nothing in space as promising as the view from a Ferris wheel. - E. B. White
I would rather be a superb meteor, every atom of me in magnificent glow, than a sleepy and permanent planet. - Jack London
Trees go wandering forth in all directions with every wind, going and coming like ourselves, traveling with us around the sun two million miles a day, and through space heaven knows how fast and far! - John Muir

102
I've missed more than 9000 shots in my career. I've lost almost 300 games. 26 times, I've been trusted to take the game winning shot and missed. I've failed over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed. - Michael Jordan
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet. - Bobby Unser
Winners never quit and quitters never win. - Vince Lombardi
The way a team plays as a whole determines its success. You may have the greatest bunch of individual stars in the world, but if they don't play together, the club won't be worth a dime. - Babe Ruth
Just play. Have fun. Enjoy the game. - Michael Jordan
At school I pretended I had a normal life, but I felt lonely all the time and different from everyone else. I never felt like I fit in, and I wasn't allowed to participate in after-school activities, go to sports events or parties or date boys. Many times I had to make up stories about why I couldn't do anything with my classmates. - Joyce Meyer
I think that in any group activity - whether it be business, sports, or family - there has to be leadership or it won't be successful. - John Wooden
There's three things men always talk about - women, sports, and cars. - Mario Lopez
Sports are such a great teacher. I think of everything they've taught me: camaraderie, humility, how to resolve differences. - Kobe Bryant
Winning is habit. Unfortunately, so is losing. - Vince Lombardi
Sports do not build character. They reveal it. - Heywood Broun
We live in a world where sports have the potential to bridge the gap between racism, sexism and discrimination. The 2012 Olympic Games was a great start but hopefully what these games taught us is that if women are given an opportunity on an equal playing field the possibilities for women are endless. - Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Band members have a special bond. A great band is more than just some people working together. It's like a highly specialized army unit, or a winning sports team. A unique combination of elements that becomes stronger together than apart. - Steven Van Zandt
My motto was always to keep swinging. Whether I was in a slump or feeling badly or having trouble off the field, the only thing to do was keep swinging. - Hank Aaron
You don't play against opponents, you play against the game of basketball. - Bobby Knight
Give me golf clubs, fresh air and a beautiful partner, and you can keep the clubs and the fresh air. - Jack Benny
Perhaps the single most important element in mastering the techniques and tactics of racing is experience. But once you have the fundamentals, acquiring the experience is a matter of time. - Greg LeMond
A good hockey player plays where the puck is. A great hockey player plays where the puck is going to be. - Wayne Gretzky
The game of basketball has been everything to me. My place of refuge, place I've always gone where I needed comfort and peace. It's been the site of intense pain and the most intense feelings of joy and satisfaction. It's a relationship that has evolved over time, given me the greatest respect and love for the game. - Michael Jordan
People ask me what I do in winter when there's no baseball. I'll tell you what I do. I stare out the window and wait for spring. - Rogers Hornsby
Adversity causes some men to break; others to break records. - William Arthur Ward
Bobby Knight told me this: 'There is nothing that a good defense cannot beat a better offense.' In other words a good offense wins. - Dan Quayle
Bulls do not win bull fights. People do. - Norman Ralph Augustine
The great thing coming from sports is you understand the concept of a team. It leaves no room for being selfish, and that's something I picked up from home. - Michael Strahan
Most ball games are lost, not won. - Casey Stengel
Bowling is all physics and energy distribution. It's F = ma. So it is actually one of the most science-y sports, because it literally is just a ball and a surface and objects to knock down. - Chris Hardwick

103
Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage. - Lao Tzu
With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts. - Eleanor Roosevelt
Unity is strength... when there is teamwork and collaboration, wonderful things can be achieved. - Mattie Stepanek
Every great dream begins with a dreamer. Always remember, you have within you the strength, the patience, and the passion to reach for the stars to change the world. - Harriet Tubman
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, 'I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along.' - Eleanor Roosevelt
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved. - Helen Keller
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will. - Mahatma Gandhi
Calm mind brings inner strength and self-confidence, so that's very important for good health. - Dalai Lama
Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm. - Abraham Lincoln
Silence is a source of great strength. - Lao Tzu
I love those who can smile in trouble, who can gather strength from distress, and grow brave by reflection. 'Tis the business of little minds to shrink, but they whose heart is firm, and whose conscience approves their conduct, will pursue their principles unto death. - Leonardo da Vinci
I am an example of what is possible when girls from the very beginning of their lives are loved and nurtured by people around them. I was surrounded by extraordinary women in my life who taught me about quiet strength and dignity. - Michelle Obama
When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength. Give thanks for your food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself. - Tecumseh
A hero is an ordinary individual who finds the strength to persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles. - Christopher Reeve
All the adversity I've had in my life, all my troubles and obstacles, have strengthened me... You may not realize it when it happens, but a kick in the teeth may be the best thing in the world for you. - Walt Disney
Strength and growth come only through continuous effort and struggle. - Napoleon Hill
The real man smiles in trouble, gathers strength from distress, and grows brave by reflection. - Thomas Paine
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength. - George Orwell
Everybody needs beauty as well as bread, places to play in and pray in, where nature may heal and give strength to body and soul. - John Muir
No one saves us but ourselves. No one can and no one may. We ourselves must walk the path. - Buddha
Every burden is a blessing. - Walt Kelly
Continuous effort - not strength or intelligence - is the key to unlocking our potential. - Winston Churchill
Permanence, perseverance and persistence in spite of all obstacles, discouragements, and impossibilities: It is this, that in all things distinguishes the strong soul from the weak. - Thomas Carlyle
Great works are performed not by strength but by perseverance. - Samuel Johnson
One who gains strength by overcoming obstacles possesses the only strength which can overcome adversity. - Albert Schweitzer
Strength does not come from winning. Your struggles develop your strengths. When you go through hardships and decide not to surrender, that is strength. - Arnold Schwarzenegger

104
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do. - Pele
Put your heart, mind, and soul into even your smallest acts. This is the secret of success. - Swami Sivananda
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. - Winston Churchill
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence. - Colin Powell
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. - Colin Powell
Coming together is a beginning; keeping together is progress; working together is success. - Henry Ford
A strong, positive self-image is the best possible preparation for success. - Joyce Brothers
Try not to become a man of success, but rather try to become a man of value. - Albert Einstein
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful. - Albert Schweitzer
Ultimately, leadership is not about glorious crowning acts. It's about keeping your team focused on a goal and motivated to do their best to achieve it, especially when the stakes are high and the consequences really matter. It is about laying the groundwork for others' success, and then standing back and letting them shine. - Chris Hadfield
Success isn't always about greatness. It's about consistency. Consistent hard work leads to success. Greatness will come. - Dwayne Johnson
Happiness lies in the joy of achievement and the thrill of creative effort. - Franklin D. Roosevelt
Success consists of going from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm. - Winston Churchill
Always be yourself, express yourself, have faith in yourself, do not go out and look for a successful personality and duplicate it. - Bruce Lee
All you need in this life is ignorance and confidence, and then success is sure. - Mark Twain
Character cannot be developed in ease and quiet. Only through experience of trial and suffering can the soul be strengthened, ambition inspired, and success achieved. - Helen Keller
Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students. - Solomon Ortiz
The road to success is not easy to navigate, but with hard work, drive and passion, it's possible to achieve the American dream. - Tommy Hilfiger
Success is where preparation and opportunity meet. - Bobby Unser
The supreme quality for leadership is unquestionably integrity. Without it, no real success is possible, no matter whether it is on a section gang, a football field, in an army, or in an office. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand. - Vince Lombardi
Some people dream of success, while other people get up every morning and make it happen. - Wayne Huizenga
Without continual growth and progress, such words as improvement, achievement, and success have no meaning. - Benjamin Franklin
We learned about gratitude and humility - that so many people had a hand in our success, from the teachers who inspired us to the janitors who kept our school clean... and we were taught to value everyone's contribution and treat everyone with respect. - Michelle Obama
A true friend is one who overlooks your failures and tolerates your success! - Doug Larson
Patience, persistence and perspiration make an unbeatable combination for success. - Napoleon Hill

105
Death is not the greatest loss in life. The greatest loss is what dies inside us while we live. - Norman Cousins
The purpose of human life is to serve, and to show compassion and the will to help others. - Albert Schweitzer
The rule of friendship means there should be mutual sympathy between them, each supplying what the other lacks and trying to benefit the other, always using friendly and sincere words. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
What does love look like? It has the hands to help others. It has the feet to hasten to the poor and needy. It has eyes to see misery and want. It has the ears to hear the sighs and sorrows of men. That is what love looks like. - Saint Augustine
Come away, O human child: To the waters and the wild with a fairy, hand in hand, For the world's more full of weeping than you can understand. - William Butler Yeats
We should feel sorrow, but not sink under its oppression. - Confucius
Unable are the loved to die, for love is immortality. - Emily Dickinson
There is no pain so great as the memory of joy in present grief. - Aeschylus
What is lovely never dies, But passes into other loveliness. - Thomas Bailey Aldrich
The loss of a friend is like that of a limb; time may heal the anguish of the wound, but the loss cannot be repaired. - Robert Southey
Happiness is beneficial for the body, but it is grief that develops the powers of the mind. - Marcel Proust
Pity may represent little more than the impersonal concern which prompts the mailing of a check, but true sympathy is the personal concern which demands the giving of one's soul. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Excess of grief for the dead is madness; for it is an injury to the living, and the dead know it not. - Xenophon
Our trials, our sorrows, and our grieves develop us. - Orison Swett Marden
When you lose a person you love so much, surviving the loss is difficult. - Cristiano Ronaldo
Farewell, dearest friend, never to see one another any more till at the right hand of Christ. - Donald Cargill
At a family's most difficult time, I want to make sure at a minimum that they have the very basic of comforts: the ability to grieve their loss privately and the knowledge that their country is grateful for their loved one's sacrifice and service. - Dave Reichert
Children require guidance and sympathy far more than instruction. - Anne Sullivan
Autumn wins you best by this its mute appeal to sympathy for its decay. - Robert Browning
There should be a sympathy with freedom, a desire to give it scope, founded not upon visionary ideas, but upon the long experience of many generations within the shores of this happy isle, that in freedom you lay the firmest foundations both of loyalty and order. - William E. Gladstone
If men and women are to understand each other, to enter into each other's nature with mutual sympathy, and to become capable of genuine comradeship, the foundation must be laid in youth. - Havelock Ellis
We must not permit our respect for the dead or our sympathy for the living to lead us into an act of injustice to the balance of the living. - Davy Crockett
You are 27 or 28 right? It is very tough to live at that age. When nothing is sure. I have sympathy with you. - Haruki Murakami
Men are often biased in their judgment on account of their sympathy and their interests. - George William Norris
I believe that we must reach our brother, never toning down our fundamental oppositions, but meeting him when he asks to be met, with a reason for the faith that is in us, as well as with a loving sympathy for them as brothers. - Dorothy Day
Men we shall have only as we make manhood the object of the work of the schools - intelligence, broad sympathy, knowledge of the world that was and is, and of the relation of men to it - this is the curriculum of that Higher Education which must underlie true life. - W. E. B. Du Bois

106
Let us remember: One book, one pen, one child, and one teacher can change the world. - Malala Yousafzai
A good teacher can inspire hope, ignite the imagination, and instill a love of learning. - Brad Henry
Education is the key to success in life, and teachers make a lasting impact in the lives of their students. - Solomon Ortiz
Teaching is a very noble profession that shapes the character, caliber, and future of an individual. If the people remember me as a good teacher, that will be the biggest honour for me. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
It is the supreme art of the teacher to awaken joy in creative expression and knowledge. - Albert Einstein
Success is not a good teacher, failure makes you humble. - Shah Rukh Khan
Mama was my greatest teacher, a teacher of compassion, love and fearlessness. If love is sweet as a flower, then my mother is that sweet flower of love. - Stevie Wonder
Success is a lousy teacher. It seduces smart people into thinking they can't lose. - Bill Gates
I am a teacher. It's how I define myself. A good teacher isn't someone who gives the answers out to their kids but is understanding of needs and challenges and gives tools to help other people succeed. That's the way I see myself, so whatever it is that I will do eventually after politics, it'll have to do a lot with teaching. - Justin Trudeau
The mediocre teacher tells. The good teacher explains. The superior teacher demonstrates. The great teacher inspires. - William Arthur Ward
My father was my teacher. But most importantly he was a great dad. - Beau Bridges
Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important. - Bill Gates
Good teachers know how to bring out the best in students. - Charles Kuralt
Sports are such a great teacher. I think of everything they've taught me: camaraderie, humility, how to resolve differences. - Kobe Bryant
A good teacher, like a good entertainer first must hold his audience's attention, then he can teach his lesson. - John Henrik Clarke
If you have to put someone on a pedestal, put teachers. They are society's heroes. - Guy Kawasaki
I had a terrible education. I attended a school for emotionally disturbed teachers. - Woody Allen
I have learned that, although I am a good teacher, I am a much better student, and I was blessed to learn valuable lessons from my students on a daily basis. They taught me the importance of teaching to a student - and not to a test. - Erin Gruwell
I love kids, so two things that I have thought about are being a pediatrician or a kindergarten teacher. - Karlie Kloss
Most of us end up with no more than five or six people who remember us. Teachers have thousands of people who remember them for the rest of their lives. - Andy Rooney
You can get help from teachers, but you are going to have to learn a lot by yourself, sitting alone in a room. - Dr. Seuss
Everybody who is incapable of learning has taken to teaching. - Oscar Wilde
I touch the future. I teach. - Christa McAuliffe
Any good teacher knows how important it is to connect with students and understand our culture. - Adora Svitak
Come forth into the light of things, let nature be your teacher. - William Wordsworth
I have long enjoyed the friendship and companionship of Republicans because I am by instinct a teacher, and I would like to teach them something. - Woodrow Wilson

107
Technology is nothing. What's important is that you have a faith in people, that they're basically good and smart, and if you give them tools, they'll do wonderful things with them. - Steve Jobs
Technology can be our best friend, and technology can also be the biggest party pooper of our lives. It interrupts our own story, interrupts our ability to have a thought or a daydream, to imagine something wonderful, because we're too busy bridging the walk from the cafeteria back to the office on the cell phone. - Steven Spielberg
It has become appallingly obvious that our technology has exceeded our humanity. - Albert Einstein
Information technology and business are becoming inextricably interwoven. I don't think anybody can talk meaningfully about one without the talking about the other. - Bill Gates
Once you have an innovation culture, even those who are not scientists or engineers - poets, actors, journalists - they, as communities, embrace the meaning of what it is to be scientifically literate. They embrace the concept of an innovation culture. They vote in ways that promote it. They don't fight science and they don't fight technology. - Neil deGrasse Tyson
The science of today is the technology of tomorrow. - Edward Teller
Our technological powers increase, but the side effects and potential hazards also escalate. - Alvin Toffler
The Internet is so big, so powerful and pointless that for some people it is a complete substitute for life. - Andrew Brown
Technology is just a tool. In terms of getting the kids working together and motivating them, the teacher is the most important. - Bill Gates
The first rule of any technology used in a business is that automation applied to an efficient operation will magnify the efficiency. The second is that automation applied to an inefficient operation will magnify the inefficiency. - Bill Gates
The technology keeps moving forward, which makes it easier for the artists to tell their stories and paint the pictures they want. - George Lucas
Social media is not about the exploitation of technology but service to community. - Simon Mainwaring
Oh I love gadgets and I pride myself on keeping at the cutting edge of technology. - Alexander McCall Smith
An asteroid or a supervolcano could certainly destroy us, but we also face risks the dinosaurs never saw: An engineered virus, nuclear war, inadvertent creation of a micro black hole, or some as-yet-unknown technology could spell the end of us. - Elon Musk
Men have become the tools of their tools. - Henry David Thoreau
We live in a society exquisitely dependent on science and technology, in which hardly anyone knows anything about science and technology. - Carl Sagan
Relying on the government to protect your privacy is like asking a peeping tom to install your window blinds. - John Perry Barlow
Technology... is a queer thing. It brings you great gifts with one hand, and it stabs you in the back with the other. - Carrie Snow
Virtual reality is a technology that could actually allow you to connect on a real human level, soul-to-soul, regardless of where you are in the world. - Chris Milk
Looking down the road, space exploration and the benefits it yields - in medicine and information technology - should not be overlooked. - Bob Barr
We have also arranged things so that almost no one understands science and technology. This is a prescription for disaster. We might get away with it for a while, but sooner or later this combustible mixture of ignorance and power is going to blow up in our faces. - Carl Sagan
Millennials, and the generations that follow, are shaping technology. This generation has grown up with computing in the palm of their hands. They are more socially and globally connected through mobile Internet devices than any prior generation. And they don't question; they just learn. - Brad D. Smith
Success in creating AI would be the biggest event in human history. Unfortunately, it might also be the last, unless we learn how to avoid the risks. - Stephen Hawking
Once a new technology rolls over you, if you're not part of the steamroller, you're part of the road. - Stewart Brand
Globalization, as defined by rich people like us, is a very nice thing... you are talking about the Internet, you are talking about cell phones, you are talking about computers. This doesn't affect two-thirds of the people of the world. - Jimmy Carter
However, even during the preparations for action, we laid our plans in such a manner that should there be progress through diplomatic negotiation, we would be well prepared to cancel operations at the latest moment that communication technology would have permitted. - Hideki Tojo

108
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. - e. e. cummings
All teenagers have this desire to somehow run away. - Joan Chen
Being a teen can be tough. Just try to surround yourself with really good friends that really have your back, and also be a really good friend to those who really care about you. If you're not sure about certain things, talk to your friends that you trust and your family. - Victoria Justice
Adolescents are not monsters. They are just people trying to learn how to make it among the adults in the world, who are probably not so sure themselves. - Virginia Satir
Good habits formed at youth make all the difference. - Aristotle
Keep true to the dreams of your youth. - Friedrich Schiller
Being a teenager is an amazing time and a hard time. It's when you make your best friends - I have girls who will never leave my heart and I still talk to. You get the best and the worst as a teen. You have the best friendships and the worst heartbreaks. - Sophia Bush
I was a happy kid up until I hit the teen years. - Rick Springfield
As a teenager you are at the last stage in your life when you will be happy to hear that the phone is for you. - Fran Lebowitz
Adolescence isn't just about prom or wearing sparkly dresses. - Jena Malone
There is a point in every young person's life when you realize that the youth that you've progressed through and graduate to some sort of adulthood is equally as messed up as where you're going. - Jena Malone
Friendships in childhood are usually a matter of chance, whereas in adolescence they are most often a matter of choice. - David Elkind
We won a contest at the teen fair in Vancouver and the first prize was a recording contract and we recorded at a radio station on the stairway, and we did a record and it got put out. - Tommy Chong
I love being a teen because you don't have all the responsibilities of an adult yet. - Elizabeth Gillies
When I was 14, I came very close to becoming a gay teen suicide 'statistic,' but I then turned to music, my piano, my loved ones, and discovered that it does in fact get better. - Blake McIver Ewing
I didn't know what was going to happen with 'Teen Wolf.' I was only scheduled to do four episodes for them, but they kept me on, and I was like, 'Sweet! I'm still employed! That's awesome!' And then, they let me know that they were considering having me for the second half of the season. - Adelaide Kane
To all those mothers and fathers who are struggling with teen-agers, I say, just be patient: even though it looks like you can't do anything right for a number of years, parents become popular again when kids reach 20. - Marian Wright Edelman
When I was growing up, my parents told me, 'Finish your dinner. People in China and India are starving.' I tell my daughters, 'Finish your homework. People in India and China are starving for your job.' - Thomas Friedman
The area of teenage life is not necessarily rarefied; we've all gone through that period. It's not as rarefied as a western or a space adventure or a gangster film, but it has its own dynamic. - Gus Van Sant
Adolescence is the conjugator of childhood and adulthood. - Louise J. Kaplan
I actually love writing for teens best. I had such an awful time in my own teen years - I love having the chance to relive them through my fiction. - Meg Cabot
I don't believe in 'thinking' old. Although I've transitioned through many bodies - a baby, toddler, child, teen, young adult, mid-life and older adult - my spirit is unchanged. I support my body with exercise, my mind with reading and writing, and my spirit with the knowing that I am part of the Divine source of all life. - Wayne Dyer
Adolescence is a new birth, for the higher and more completely human traits are now born. - G. Stanley Hall
As a teenager I was so insecure. I was the type of guy that never fitted in because he never dared to choose. I was convinced I had absolutely no talent at all. For nothing. And that thought took away all my ambition too. - Johnny Depp
The Teen Challenge ministry was born out of those humble early days of ministry. It now includes over 500 drug and alcohol rehab centers around the world, even in Muslim countries. These include homes for girls and women addicts and alcoholics, all which are reaching many. - David Wilkerson
Growing up, I wanted desperately to please, to be a good girl. - Claire Danes

109
Many times, the decisions we make affect and hurt your closest friends and family the most. I have a lot of regrets in that regard. But God has forgiven me, which I am very thankful for. It has enabled me to forgive myself and move forward one day at a time. - Lex Luger
When you rise in the morning, give thanks for the light, for your life, for your strength. Give thanks for your food and for the joy of living. If you see no reason to give thanks, the fault lies in yourself. - Tecumseh
Be true to yourself, help others, make each day your masterpiece, make friendship a fine art, drink deeply from good books - especially the Bible, build a shelter against a rainy day, give thanks for your blessings and pray for guidance every day. - John Wooden
Feeling gratitude and not expressing it is like wrapping a present and not giving it. - William Arthur Ward
Make it a habit to tell people thank you. To express your appreciation, sincerely and without the expectation of anything in return. Truly appreciate those around you, and you'll soon find many others around you. Truly appreciate life, and you'll find that you have more of it. - Ralph Marston
'Thank you' is the best prayer that anyone could say. I say that one a lot. Thank you expresses extreme gratitude, humility, understanding. - Alice Walker
Gratitude is the fairest blossom which springs from the soul. - Henry Ward Beecher
When you practice gratefulness, there is a sense of respect toward others. - Dalai Lama
Be grateful for what you have and stop complaining - it bores everybody else, does you no good, and doesn't solve any problems. - Zig Ziglar
If the only prayer you ever say in your entire life is thank you, it will be enough. - Meister Eckhart
No one who achieves success does so without acknowledging the help of others. The wise and confident acknowledge this help with gratitude. - Alfred North Whitehead
Thank God we're living in a country where the sky's the limit, the stores are open late and you can shop in bed thanks to television. - Joan Rivers
Gratitude changes the pangs of memory into a tranquil joy. - Dietrich Bonhoeffer
All I ever wanted really, and continue to want out of life, is to give 100 percent to whatever I'm doing and to be committed to whatever I'm doing and then let the results speak for themselves. Also to never take myself or people for granted and always be thankful and grateful to the people who helped me. - Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Gratitude makes sense of our past, brings peace for today, and creates a vision for tomorrow. - Melody Beattie
In everyone's life, at some time, our inner fire goes out. It is then burst into flame by an encounter with another human being. We should all be thankful for those people who rekindle the inner spirit. - Albert Schweitzer
Let me encourage you to get up every day and focus on what you do have in life. Be thankful for the blessings of the little things, even when you don't get what you expect. - Victoria Osteen
There's no happier person than a truly thankful, content person. - Joyce Meyer
I was given such a great gift. It's a miracle that never stops amazing me and reminding me to give thanks, every day. Having a wife and daughter gives me a lot more purpose. I was much more selfish before, but now I think about what kind of role model I'll be. I just want to be a better man. - Jake Owen
I am going to spend my time today just thanking the people that played a role in my career, because I truly do believe that I was blessed by a lot of people that paths crossed mine as I went down the road in my career. - Nolan Ryan
I'm really looking forward to the Hall of Fame ceremonies. It's going to be unbelievable - just crazy. I'm looking forward to thanking all the fans for inspiring me to go out there and play my best football each and every game. - Jerry Rice
I feel grateful because I have a lot of love in my life. I found the person I'm sharing my life with. I have a good man. - Gisele Bundchen
I say grace. I'm a big believer in grace. I happen to believe in a God that made all the food and so I'm pretty grateful for that and I thank him for that. But I'm also thankful for the people that put the food on the table. - Alton Brown
Take heed, then, often to come together to give thanks to God, and show forth His praise. For when you assemble frequently in the same place, the powers of Satan are destroyed, and the destruction at which he aims is prevented by the unity of your faith. - Ignatius of Antioch
We can always find something to be thankful for, and there may be reasons why we ought to be thankful for even those dispensations which appear dark and frowning. - Albert Barnes
I'm really thankful to God, man. Like now, I'm really making a real comeback with my group. With or without a record, with or without a movie. And behind all the negative press behind this movie. - Ike Turner

110
Gratitude can transform common days into thanksgivings, turn routine jobs into joy, and change ordinary opportunities into blessings. - William Arthur Ward
Thanksgiving just gets me all warm and tingly and all kinds of wonderful inside. - Willard Scott
Some memories are unforgettable, remaining ever vivid and heartwarming! - Joseph B. Wirthlin
Vegetables are a must on a diet. I suggest carrot cake, zucchini bread, and pumpkin pie. - Jim Davis
Thanksgiving dinners take eighteen hours to prepare. They are consumed in twelve minutes. Half-times take twelve minutes. This is not coincidence. - Erma Bombeck
There is one day that is ours. Thanksgiving Day is the one day that is purely American. - O. Henry
Thanksgiving, man. Not a good day to be my pants. - Kevin James
On Thanksgiving I will stop to give thanks that my family is safe and healthy, especially because I realize that, following the tragedies of this year, it is all too real a possibility that they might not have been. - Bobby Jindal
My fondest memories are generally the day after Thanksgiving. I get the total decorating Christmas itch. - Katharine McPhee
My most memorable meal is every Thanksgiving. I love the food: the turkey and stuffing; the sweet potatoes and rice, which come from my mother's Southern heritage; the mashed potatoes, which come from my wife's Midwestern roots; the Campbell's green-bean casserole; and of course, pumpkin pie. - Douglas Conant
Christmas is more stressful with present buying and making sure everyone gets included, but Thanksgiving is really not that. I don't ever really get stressed out about the food. - Sandra Lee
One of the best parts of Thanksgiving for me is re-watching some of the classic holiday blunders that have been depicted on television. I remember laughing uncontrollably on the set of 'That Girl' back in 1967 when we shot the episode, 'Thanksgiving Comes But Once A Year, Hopefully' during our second season. - Marlo Thomas
Every Thanksgiving, we all write down three things we're thankful for and put them in a hat. Then we pass the hat around the dinner table and everyone has to guess who wrote what! - Debby Ryan
Pride slays thanksgiving, but a humble mind is the soil out of which thanks naturally grow. A proud man is seldom a grateful man, for he never thinks he gets as much as he deserves. - Henry Ward Beecher
An optimist is a person who starts a new diet on Thanksgiving Day. - Irv Kupcinet
For what I have received may the Lord make me truly thankful. And more truly for what I have not received. - Storm Jameson
When people come to my act any time after Thanksgiving, I usually say, You shouldn't be here. You should be shopping. Our economy depends on you! You should be out there buying stuff.' - Lewis Black
Thanksgiving is a season that is very much in accord with the themes and teachings of Jesus Christ. - John Clayton
Thanksgiving is a time when the world gets to see just how blessed and how workable the Christian system is. The emphasis is not on giving or buying, but on being thankful and expressing that appreciation to God and to one another. - John Clayton
I give thanks to my Creator for this wonderful life where each of us has the opportunity to learn lessons we could not fully comprehend by any other means. - Joseph B. Wirthlin
There are three things that people pick up on the instant they walk into your home on Thanksgiving. They will be able to feel the human energy. They'll smell the food. And they will see, instantly, the table. - Danny Meyer
Halloween is fun, but it wasn't always my favorite holiday. I think Thanksgiving is my favorite holiday. - Tobin Bell
Christmas is a huge thing in my family. We usually start decorating the day after Thanksgiving. We spend Christmas Eve with one set of grandparents, and Christmas Day with the other grandparents and our family. - Samantha Isler
Over and over I marvel at the blessings of my life: Each year has grown better than the last. - Lawrence Welk
Thanksgiving was always a favorite holiday for me. The preparation was fun! My grandma and I would walk to the butcher on Jamaica Avenue in Queens, order the bird, and buy all the fixings at the market. - Debi Mazar
You may have heard of Black Friday and Cyber Monday. There's another day you might want to know about: Giving Tuesday. The idea is pretty straightforward. On the Tuesday after Thanksgiving, shoppers take a break from their gift-buying and donate what they can to charity. - Bill Gates

111
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored. - Earl Nightingale
Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time. - Thomas A. Edison
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago. - Warren Buffett
Any time women come together with a collective intention, it's a powerful thing. Whether it's sitting down making a quilt, in a kitchen preparing a meal, in a club reading the same book, or around the table playing cards, or planning a birthday party, when women come together with a collective intention, magic happens. - Phylicia Rashad
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. - Confucius
Let us never know what old age is. Let us know the happiness time brings, not count the years. - Ausonius
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. - Leo Tolstoy
Change will not come if we wait for some other person or some other time. We are the ones we've been waiting for. We are the change that we seek. - Barack Obama
If you love life, don't waste time, for time is what life is made up of. - Bruce Lee
Christmas is the perfect time to celebrate the love of God and family and to create memories that will last forever. Jesus is God's perfect, indescribable gift. The amazing thing is that not only are we able to receive this gift, but we are able to share it with others on Christmas and every other day of the year. - Joel Osteen
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. - Mark Twain
Many times, the decisions we make affect and hurt your closest friends and family the most. I have a lot of regrets in that regard. But God has forgiven me, which I am very thankful for. It has enabled me to forgive myself and move forward one day at a time. - Lex Luger
Nothing in life is to be feared, it is only to be understood. Now is the time to understand more, so that we may fear less. - Marie Curie
Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. - Steve Jobs
The time is always right to do what is right. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
Never cut a tree down in the wintertime. Never make a negative decision in the low time. Never make your most important decisions when you are in your worst moods. Wait. Be patient. The storm will pass. The spring will come. - Robert H. Schuller
You build on failure. You use it as a stepping stone. Close the door on the past. You don't try to forget the mistakes, but you don't dwell on it. You don't let it have any of your energy, or any of your time, or any of your space. - Johnny Cash
Sometimes I wish that I could go into a time machine right now and just look at my self and say, 'Calm down. Things are gonna be fine. Things are gonna be all great. Just relax.' - Tristan Wilds
I suppose leadership at one time meant muscles; but today it means getting along with people. - Mahatma Gandhi
And know that I am with you always; yes, to the end of time. - Jesus Christ
There is no better than adversity. Every defeat, every heartbreak, every loss, contains its own seed, its own lesson on how to improve your performance the next time. - Malcolm X
When someone shows you who they are, believe them the first time. - Maya Angelou
You can never control who you fall in love with, even when you're in the most sad, confused time of your life. You don't fall in love with people because they're fun. It just happens. - Kirsten Dunst
I love a man with a great sense of humor and who is intelligent - a man who has a great smile. He has to make me laugh. I like a man who is very ambitious and driven and who has a good heart and makes me feel safe. I like a man who is very strong and independent and confident - that is very sexy - but at the same time, he's very kind to people. - Nicole Scherzinger
Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently. - Henry Ford
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity. - Calvin Coolidge

112
The world is a book, and those who do not travel read only a page. - Saint Augustine
The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes, but in having new eyes. - Marcel Proust
Wherever you go, go with all your heart. - Confucius
Success comes to those who dedicate everything to their passion in life. To be successful, it is also very important to be humble and never let fame or money travel to your head. - A. R. Rahman
It is better to travel well than to arrive. - Buddha
Every day is a journey, and the journey itself is home. - Matsuo Basho
Travel, in the younger sort, is a part of education; in the elder, a part of experience. - Francis Bacon
Travel can be one of the most rewarding forms of introspection. - Lawrence Durrell
To travel is to take a journey into yourself. - Danny Kaye
We are what our thoughts have made us; so take care about what you think. Words are secondary. Thoughts live; they travel far. - Swami Vivekananda
Exploration is really the essence of the human spirit. - Frank Borman
We shall not cease from exploration, and the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time. - T. S. Eliot
Travel is so important in its capacity to expand the mind. It's exciting to start as young as possible - you get to see how other cultures live, challenge your senses, and try different cuisines. - Natalie Dormer
Even if it turns out that time travel is impossible, it is important that we understand why it is impossible. - Stephen Hawking
The traveler sees what he sees, the tourist sees what he has come to see. - Gilbert K. Chesterton
Life is short and the older you get, the more you feel it. Indeed, the shorter it is. People lose their capacity to walk, run, travel, think, and experience life. I realise how important it is to use the time I have. - Viggo Mortensen
I see my path, but I don't know where it leads. Not knowing where I'm going is what inspires me to travel it. - Rosalia de Castro
If one had but a single glance to give the world, one should gaze on Istanbul. - Alphonse de Lamartine
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes. - Charles Spurgeon
A man travels the world over in search of what he needs and returns home to find it. - George A. Moore
You and I come by road or rail, but economists travel on infrastructure. - Margaret Thatcher
I love to travel, but hate to arrive. - Hernan Cortes
A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving. - Lao Tzu
All journeys have secret destinations of which the traveler is unaware. - Martin Buber
Life is an unfoldment, and the further we travel the more truth we can comprehend. To understand the things that are at our door is the best preparation for understanding those that lie beyond. - Hypatia
If you want to succeed you should strike out on new paths, rather than travel the worn paths of accepted success. - John D. Rockefeller

113
Love myself I do. Not everything, but I love the good as well as the bad. I love my crazy lifestyle, and I love my hard discipline. I love my freedom of speech and the way my eyes get dark when I'm tired. I love that I have learned to trust people with my heart, even if it will get broken. I am proud of everything that I am and will become. - Johnny Weir
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none. - William Shakespeare
I believe if you keep your faith, you keep your trust, you keep the right attitude, if you're grateful, you'll see God open up new doors. - Joel Osteen
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters. - Albert Einstein
Did I offer peace today? Did I bring a smile to someone's face? Did I say words of healing? Did I let go of my anger and resentment? Did I forgive? Did I love? These are the real questions. I must trust that the little bit of love that I sow now will bear many fruits, here in this world and the life to come. - Henri Nouwen
Do not let your hearts be troubled. Trust in God; trust also in me. - Jesus Christ
I truly believe that everything that we do and everyone that we meet is put in our path for a purpose. There are no accidents; we're all teachers - if we're willing to pay attention to the lessons we learn, trust our positive instincts and not be afraid to take risks or wait for some miracle to come knocking at our door. - Marla Gibbs
The friend in my adversity I shall always cherish most. I can better trust those who helped to relieve the gloom of my dark hours than those who are so ready to enjoy with me the sunshine of my prosperity. - Ulysses S. Grant
The best way to find out if you can trust somebody is to trust them. - Ernest Hemingway
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth. - Bo Bennett
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life. - Steve Jobs
Trust in dreams, for in them is hidden the gate to eternity. - Khalil Gibran
Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life. Make the most of yourself by fanning the tiny, inner sparks of possibility into flames of achievement. - Golda Meir
In finding love, I think it's important to be patient. In being in a relationship, I think it's important to be honest, to communicate, to respect and trust, and to strive to give more than you take. - Kina Grannis
A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance and tenacity. The order varies for any given year. - Paul Sweeney
When you form a team, why do you try to form a team? Because teamwork builds trust and trust builds speed. - Russel Honore
It's good to trust others but, not to do so is much better. - Benito Mussolini
If people like you, they'll listen to you, but if they trust you, they'll do business with you. - Zig Ziglar
Trust is hard to come by. That's why my circle is small and tight. I'm kind of funny about making new friends. - Eminem
To be trusted is a greater compliment than being loved. - George MacDonald
I believe that a trusting attitude and a patient attitude go hand in hand. You see, when you let go and learn to trust God, it releases joy in your life. And when you trust God, you're able to be more patient. Patience is not just about waiting for something... it's about how you wait, or your attitude while waiting. - Joyce Meyer
The more moral the people are in their business dealings, the less paperwork you need, the more handshakes you can have, the more the wheels of capitalism work better because there's trust in the marketplace. Business ethics is not a joke. And, in fact, I think most businesses that I've dealt with encourage exactly that type of behavior. - Rick Santorum
It's important to build trust if you're trying to deal with big things. Big issues require everybody to get outside their comfort zone, and people are more willing to do so if they believe that their partner is sincere in their efforts. And the only way you can do that is to engage them on a personal level. - Jeb Bush
Being a teen can be tough. Just try to surround yourself with really good friends that really have your back, and also be a really good friend to those who really care about you. If you're not sure about certain things, talk to your friends that you trust and your family. - Victoria Justice
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes. - Charles Spurgeon
There is trust in there being a Spirit who loves me and wants me to have love in my life. I trust in this higher power, it is what keeps me moving forward no matter what happens. - Kenny Loggins

114
I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
The goal of education is the advancement of knowledge and the dissemination of truth. - John F. Kennedy
Whoever is careless with the truth in small matters cannot be trusted with important matters. - Albert Einstein
Three things cannot be long hidden: the sun, the moon, and the truth. - Buddha
The truth is you don't know what is going to happen tomorrow. Life is a crazy ride, and nothing is guaranteed. - Eminem
The Bible is one of the greatest blessings bestowed by God on the children of men. It has God for its author; salvation for its end, and truth without any mixture for its matter. It is all pure. - John Locke
Truth is everybody is going to hurt you: you just gotta find the ones worth suffering for. - Bob Marley
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. - Thomas Jefferson
For every good reason there is to lie, there is a better reason to tell the truth. - Bo Bennett
Peace is the beauty of life. It is sunshine. It is the smile of a child, the love of a mother, the joy of a father, the togetherness of a family. It is the advancement of man, the victory of a just cause, the triumph of truth. - Menachem Begin
We learned about honesty and integrity - that the truth matters... that you don't take shortcuts or play by your own set of rules... and success doesn't count unless you earn it fair and square. - Michelle Obama
Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move. Doubt truth to be a liar, But never doubt I love. - William Shakespeare
If you would be a real seeker after truth, it is necessary that at least once in your life you doubt, as far as possible, all things. - Rene Descartes
The universe is transformation: life is opinion. - Marcus Aurelius
The truth is incontrovertible. Malice may attack it, ignorance may deride it, but in the end, there it is. - Winston Churchill
It is impossible to struggle for civil rights, equal rights for blacks, without including whites. Because equal rights, fair play, justice, are all like the air: we all have it, or none of us has it. That is the truth of it. - Maya Angelou
Be Impeccable With Your Word. Speak with integrity. Say only what you mean. Avoid using the word to speak against yourself or to gossip about others. Use the power of your word in the direction of truth and love. - Don Miguel Ruiz
I am the Way, the Truth, and the Life. No one comes to the Father except through me. - Jesus Christ
There are no facts, only interpretations. - Friedrich Nietzsche
Morality is the basis of things and truth is the substance of all morality. - Mahatma Gandhi
Let us rise in the moral power of womanhood; and give utterance to the voice of outraged mercy, and insulted justice, and eternal truth, and mighty love and holy freedom. - Maria Weston Chapman
The truth is that neither British nor American imperialism was or is idealistic. It has always been driven by economic or strategic interests. - Charley Reese
Truth stands, even if there be no public support. It is self-sustained. - Mahatma Gandhi
The truth is that we can learn to condition our minds, bodies, and emotions to link pain or pleasure to whatever we choose. By changing what we link pain and pleasure to, we will instantly change our behaviors. - Tony Robbins
Our heavenly Father understands our disappointment, suffering, pain, fear, and doubt. He is always there to encourage our hearts and help us understand that He's sufficient for all of our needs. When I accepted this as an absolute truth in my life, I found that my worrying stopped. - Charles Stanley
I know where I'm going and I know the truth, and I don't have to be what you want me to be. I'm free to be what I want. - Muhammad Ali

115
If you have only one smile in you give it to the people you love. - Maya Angelou
Love is our true destiny. We do not find the meaning of life by ourselves alone - we find it with another. - Thomas Merton
All you need is love. But a little chocolate now and then doesn't hurt. - Charles M. Schulz
Doubt thou the stars are fire, Doubt that the sun doth move. Doubt truth to be a liar, But never doubt I love. - William Shakespeare
The minute I heard my first love story, I started looking for you, not knowing how blind that was. Lovers don't finally meet somewhere. They're in each other all along. - Rumi
They invented hugs to let people know you love them without saying anything. - Bil Keane
I'd rather have roses on my table than diamonds on my neck. - Emma Goldman
Love will find a way through paths where wolves fear to prey. - Lord Byron
The Eskimos had fifty-two names for snow because it was important to them: there ought to be as many for love. - Margaret Atwood
If you press me to say why I loved him, I can say no more than because he was he, and I was I. - Michel de Montaigne
A friendship that like love is warm; A love like friendship, steady. - Thomas Moore
A kiss makes the heart young again and wipes out the years. - Rupert Brooke
Now a soft kiss - Aye, by that kiss, I vow an endless bliss. - John Keats
You are always new, the last of your kisses was ever the sweetest. - John Keats
The hours I spend with you I look upon as sort of a perfumed garden, a dim twilight, and a fountain singing to it. You and you alone make me feel that I am alive. Other men it is said have seen angels, but I have seen thee and thou art enough. - George Edward Moore
Oh, if it be to choose and call thee mine, love, thou art every day my Valentine! - Thomas Hood
Love is when the desire to be desired takes you so badly that you feel you could die of it. - Henri de Toulouse-Lautrec
In love there are two things - bodies and words. - Joyce Carol Oates
Where there is great love, there are always wishes. - Willa Cather
Give me a kiss, and to that kiss a score; Then to that twenty, add a hundred more: A thousand to that hundred: so kiss on, To make that thousand up a million. Treble that million, and when that is done, Let's kiss afresh, as when we first begun. - Robert Herrick
Everything's coming up roses - for me. - Ethel Merman
Look, there's no metaphysics on earth like chocolates. - Fernando Pessoa
A heart is not judged by how much you love, but by how much you are loved by others. - Frank Morgan
Romance is thinking about your significant other, when you are supposed to be thinking about something else. - Nicholas Sparks
I like perfume and flowers. - Donatella Versace
I love Valentine's Day! I love it, I love it, I love it. I like having doors opened for me. My favorite romantic comedy is 'When Harry Met Sally.' - Ginnifer Goodwin

116
Every soldier must know, before he goes into battle, how the little battle he is to fight fits into the larger picture, and how the success of his fighting will influence the battle as a whole. - Bernard Law Montgomery
The soldier above all others prays for peace, for it is the soldier who must suffer and bear the deepest wounds and scars of war. - Douglas MacArthur
There is a certain enthusiasm in liberty, that makes human nature rise above itself, in acts of bravery and heroism. - Alexander Hamilton
True heroism is remarkably sober, very undramatic. It is not the urge to surpass all others at whatever cost, but the urge to serve others at whatever cost. - Arthur Ashe
Live as brave men; and if fortune is adverse, front its blows with brave hearts. - Marcus Tullius Cicero
The veterans of our military services have put their lives on the line to protect the freedoms that we enjoy. They have dedicated their lives to their country and deserve to be recognized for their commitment. - Judd Gregg
On this Veterans Day, let us remember the service of our veterans, and let us renew our national promise to fulfill our sacred obligations to our veterans and their families who have sacrificed so much so that we can live free. - Dan Lipinski
Honoring the sacrifices many have made for our country in the name of freedom and democracy is the very foundation of Veterans Day. - Charles B. Rangel
The Lord gets his best soldiers out of the highlands of affliction. - Charles Spurgeon
I go where the sound of thunder is. - Alfred M. Gray
The valor and courage of our young women and men in the armed services are a shining example to all of the world, and we owe them and their families our deepest respect. - Bill Frist
Duty, Honor, Country. Those three hallowed words reverently dictate what you ought to be, what you can be, what you will be. - Douglas MacArthur
In war the heroes always outnumber the soldiers ten to one. - H. L. Mencken
Brave men rejoice in adversity, just as brave soldiers triumph in war. - Lucius Annaeus Seneca
When the will defies fear, when duty throws the gauntlet down to fate, when honor scorns to compromise with death - that is heroism. - Robert Green Ingersoll
The only thing that makes battle psychologically tolerable is the brotherhood among soldiers. You need each other to get by. - Sebastian Junger
It is foolish and wrong to mourn the men who died. Rather we should thank God that such men lived. - George S. Patton
The thing is this: You got to have fun while you're fightin' for freedom, 'cause you don't always win. - Molly Ivins
I'm trying to raise the awareness of the troops that, when they deploy and go to war, it's not just them at war - it's also their family. Their family is having to go through all the hardships and the stresses. - Chris Kyle
Well, look at what people are doing for returned veterans now. The wounded warriors. They're working hard to make the wounded veterans feel that they are loved and welcomed home, unlike Vietnam. It was not a very kind, gentle world then. I think we are kinder and gentler. - Barbara Bush
Regard your soldiers as your children, and they will follow you into the deepest valleys; look on them as your own beloved sons, and they will stand by you even unto death. - Sun Tzu
Never wear your best trousers when you go out to fight for freedom and truth. - Henrik Ibsen
The sanctity of our battlefields, monuments, and veterans institutions is of utmost importance to preserve military history and pay respect to those who fought. - Henry Waxman
Spending time with America's soldiers is always inspiring. - John Boehner
A few honest men are better than numbers. - Oliver Cromwell
I offer neither pay, nor quarters, nor food; I offer only hunger, thirst, forced marches, battles and death. Let him who loves his country with his heart, and not merely with his lips, follow me. - Giuseppe Garibaldi

117
I refuse to accept the view that mankind is so tragically bound to the starless midnight of racism and war that the bright daybreak of peace and brotherhood can never become a reality... I believe that unarmed truth and unconditional love will have the final word. - Martin Luther King, Jr.
The two most powerful warriors are patience and time. - Leo Tolstoy
Sometimes by losing a battle you find a new way to win the war. - Donald Trump
War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength. - George Orwell
I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy. - John Adams
Battle is the most magnificent competition in which a human being can indulge. It brings out all that is best; it removes all that is base. All men are afraid in battle. The coward is the one who lets his fear overcome his sense of duty. Duty is the essence of manhood. - George S. Patton
A really strong woman accepts the war she went through and is ennobled by her scars. - Carly Simon
The supreme art of war is to subdue the enemy without fighting. - Sun Tzu
My first wish is to see this plague of mankind, war, banished from the earth. - George Washington
Know thy self, know thy enemy. A thousand battles, a thousand victories. - Sun Tzu
In many parts of the world, especially Pakistan and Afghanistan, terrorism, war and conflict stop children to go to their schools. We are really tired of these wars. Women and children are suffering. - Malala Yousafzai
I thought the Vietnam war was an utter, unmitigated disaster, so it was very hard for me to say anything good about it. - George McGovern
Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win. - Sun Tzu
European nations began World War I with a glamorous vision of war, only to be psychologically shattered by the realities of the trenches. The experience changed the way people referred to the glamour of battle; they treated it no longer as a positive quality but as a dangerous illusion. - Virginia Postrel
Every gun that is made, every warship launched, every rocket fired, signifies in the final sense a theft from those who hunger and are not fed, those who are cold and are not clothed. - Dwight D. Eisenhower
When we are sick, we want an uncommon doctor; when we have a construction job to do, we want an uncommon engineer, and when we are at war, we want an uncommon general. It is only when we get into politics that we are satisfied with the common man. - Herbert Hoover
We make war that we may live in peace. - Aristotle
An asteroid or a supervolcano could certainly destroy us, but we also face risks the dinosaurs never saw: An engineered virus, nuclear war, inadvertent creation of a micro black hole, or some as-yet-unknown technology could spell the end of us. - Elon Musk
The day that the balance between the two sections of the country - the slaveholding States and the non-slaveholding States - is destroyed is a day that will not be far removed from political revolution, anarchy, civil war, and widespread disaster. - John C. Calhoun
Never think that war, no matter how necessary, nor how justified, is not a crime. - Ernest Hemingway
Fortune, which has a great deal of power in other matters but especially in war, can bring about great changes in a situation through very slight forces. - Julius Caesar
People never lie so much as after a hunt, during a war or before an election. - Otto von Bismarck
We didn't go to the moon to explore or because it was in our DNA or because we're Americans. We went because we were at war and we felt a threat. - Neil deGrasse Tyson
Even today we raise our hand against our brother... We have perfected our weapons, our conscience has fallen asleep, and we have sharpened our ideas to justify ourselves as if it were normal we continue to sow destruction, pain, death. Violence and war lead only to death. - Pope Francis
As a soldier, I survived World War I when most of my comrades did not. - Lester B. Pearson
War should be the only study of a prince. He should consider peace only as a breathing-time, which gives him leisure to contrive, and furnishes as ability to execute, military plans. - Niccolo Machiavelli

118
The real act of marriage takes place in the heart, not in the ballroom or church or synagogue. It's a choice you make - not just on your wedding day, but over and over again - and that choice is reflected in the way you treat your husband or wife. - Barbara De Angelis
A wedding anniversary is the celebration of love, trust, partnership, tolerance and tenacity. The order varies for any given year. - Paul Sweeney
There's a big difference between falling in love with someone and falling in love with someone and getting married. Usually, after you get married, you fall in love with the person even more. - Dave Grohl
My mother says I didn't open my eyes for eight days after I was born, but when I did, the first thing I saw was an engagement ring. I was hooked. - Elizabeth Taylor
Falling in love was the easy part; planning a wedding - yikes! - Niecy Nash
Love is the master key that opens the gates of happiness, of hatred, of jealousy, and, most easily of all, the gate of fear. - Oliver Wendell Holmes, Sr.
For years my wedding ring has done its job. It has led me not into temptation. It has reminded my husband numerous times at parties that it's time to go home. It has been a source of relief to a dinner companion. It has been a status symbol in the maternity ward. - Erma Bombeck
You may invite the entire 35th Division to your wedding if you want to. I guess it's going to be yours as well as mine. We might as well have the church full while we are at it. - Bess Truman
About 80 percent of the photos on Flickr are public and searchable by everyone. In one sense, it's a place where people upload snapshots from the family reunion, wedding or the birth of a baby or something like that, but it's also a place where people go to show what the world looks like to them. - Stewart Butterfield
My father always wanted to be the corpse at every funeral, the bride at every wedding and the baby at every christening. - Alice Roosevelt Longworth
The trouble with wedlock is that there's not enough wed and too much lock. - Christopher Morley
Music played at weddings always reminds me of the music played for soldiers before they go into battle. - Heinrich Heine
A bride at her second marriage does not wear a veil. She wants to see what she is getting. - Helen Rowland
I chose my wife, as she did her wedding gown, for qualities that would wear well. - Oliver Goldsmith
One tradition I have with my friends is that when one of us gets married, we have a ton of fragrance oils and pretty bottles at the bachelorette party. Everyone puts a drop or two in a bottle for the bride and makes a wish, and the bride wears our creation on her wedding day. - Jennifer Aniston
Getting married, for me, was the best thing I ever did. I was suddenly beset with an immense sense of release, that we have something more important than our separate selves, and that is the marriage. There's immense happiness that can come from working towards that. - Nick Cave
A man's got two shots for jewelry: a wedding ring and a watch. The watch is a lot easier to get on and off than a wedding ring. - John Mayer
I believe that anybody who gets married should go to a counselor for months before the wedding. I think that's going to save guys a lot of money and the ladies a lot of heartbreak. - James Brolin
When I design a wedding dress with a bustle, it has to be one the bride can dance in. I love the idea that something is practical and still looks great. - Vera Wang
It's important to still look like yourself on your wedding day, so I didn't do anything drastic. - Lily Aldridge
A wedding is a funeral where you smell your own flowers. - Eddie Cantor
I love Spanish cities, particularly Barcelona, Madrid and Palma, which has the most amazing cathedral that I once went to for a wedding. - Louise Nurding
I ate no butcher's meat, lived chiefly on fruits, vegetables, and fish, and never drank a glass of spirits or wine until my wedding day. To this I attribute my continual good health, endurance, and an iron constitution. - John James Audubon
A young bride is like a plucked flower; but a guilty wife is like a flower that had been walked over. - Honore de Balzac
It's a funny thing that when a man hasn't anything on earth to worry about, he goes off and gets married. - Robert Frost
Christmas carols always brought tears to my eyes. I also cry at weddings. I should have cried at a couple of my own. - Ethel Merman

119
To enjoy good health, to bring true happiness to one's family, to bring peace to all, one must first discipline and control one's own mind. If a man can control his mind he can find the way to Enlightenment, and all wisdom and virtue will naturally come to him. - Buddha
Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment. - Jim Rohn
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. - Henry David Thoreau
Knowing others is wisdom, knowing yourself is Enlightenment. - Lao Tzu
For beautiful eyes, look for the good in others; for beautiful lips, speak only words of kindness; and for poise, walk with the knowledge that you are never alone. - Audrey Hepburn
The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step. - Lao Tzu
Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
Wisdom, compassion, and courage are the three universally recognized moral qualities of men. - Confucius
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching. - Satchel Paige
Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal. - Henry Ford
The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing. - Socrates
Honesty is the first chapter in the book of wisdom. - Thomas Jefferson
Public opinion is no more than this: what people think that other people think. - Alfred Austin
Knowledge is of no value unless you put it into practice. - Anton Chekhov
In every walk with nature one receives far more than he seeks. - John Muir
The pessimist complains about the wind; the optimist expects it to change; the realist adjusts the sails. - William Arthur Ward
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity. - Calvin Coolidge
Adopt the pace of nature: her secret is patience. - Ralph Waldo Emerson
The greater our knowledge increases the more our ignorance unfolds. - John F. Kennedy
Those who improve with age embrace the power of personal growth and personal achievement and begin to replace youth with wisdom, innocence with understanding, and lack of purpose with self-actualization. - Bo Bennett
Step with care and great tact, and remember that Life's a Great Balancing Act. - Dr. Seuss
Whatever you do in life, surround yourself with smart people who'll argue with you. - John Wooden
The philosophy of life is this: Life is not a struggle, not a tension... Life is bliss. It is eternal wisdom, eternal existence. - Maharishi Mahesh Yogi
Music is a higher revelation than all wisdom and philosophy. - Ludwig van Beethoven
Without freedom of thought, there can be no such thing as wisdom - and no such thing as public liberty without freedom of speech. - Benjamin Franklin
The three great essentials to achieve anything worth while are: Hard work, Stick-to-itiveness, and Common sense. - Thomas A. Edison

120
A woman is like a tea bag - you can't tell how strong she is until you put her in hot water. - Eleanor Roosevelt
If you want something said, ask a man; if you want something done, ask a woman. - Margaret Thatcher
Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another steppingstone to greatness. - Oprah Winfrey
After women, flowers are the most lovely thing God has given the world. - Christian Dior
No struggle can ever succeed without women participating side by side with men. - Muhammad Ali Jinnah
There are only three things women need in life: food, water, and compliments. - Chris Rock
Any time women come together with a collective intention, it's a powerful thing. Whether it's sitting down making a quilt, in a kitchen preparing a meal, in a club reading the same book, or around the table playing cards, or planning a birthday party, when women come together with a collective intention, magic happens. - Phylicia Rashad
Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance. - Oscar Wilde
I do not wish women to have power over men; but over themselves. - Mary Shelley
Women are made to be loved, not understood. - Oscar Wilde
If women ran the world we wouldn't have wars, just intense negotiations every 28 days. - Robin Williams
I want to tell women that you need to love yourself and make yourself a priority. It's only when you are happy yourself, can you make everyone else around you happy. I am still a dreamer and still believe in fairy tales, but there is only that much one should give another person. You need to keep something for yourself. - Bipasha Basu
Women and cats will do as they please, and men and dogs should relax and get used to the idea. - Robert A. Heinlein
Women, like men, should try to do the impossible. And when they fail, their failure should be a challenge to others. - Amelia Earhart
We hold these truths to be self-evident: that all men and women are created equal. - Elizabeth Cady Stanton
Saving our planet, lifting people out of poverty, advancing economic growth... these are one and the same fight. We must connect the dots between climate change, water scarcity, energy shortages, global health, food security and women's empowerment. Solutions to one problem must be solutions for all. - Ban Ki-moon
I am an example of what is possible when girls from the very beginning of their lives are loved and nurtured by people around them. I was surrounded by extraordinary women in my life who taught me about quiet strength and dignity. - Michelle Obama
All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose. - Brian Tracy
Women, if the soul of the nation is to be saved, I believe that you must become its soul. - Coretta Scott King
Reputation is what men and women think of us; character is what God and angels know of us. - Thomas Paine
A girl should be two things: classy and fabulous. - Coco Chanel
I believe that the rights of women and girls is the unfinished business of the 21st century. - Hillary Clinton
I do not demand equal pay for any women save those who do equal work in value. Scorn to be coddled by your employers; make them understand that you are in their service as workers, not as women. - Susan B. Anthony
Countries with higher levels of gender equality have higher economic growth. Companies with more women on their boards have higher returns. Peace agreements that include women are more successful. Parliaments with more women take up a wider range of issues - including health, education, anti-discrimination, and child support. - Ban Ki-moon
Men, their rights, and nothing more; women, their rights, and nothing less. - Susan B. Anthony
It was we, the people; not we, the white male citizens; nor yet we, the male citizens; but we, the whole people, who formed the Union. And we formed it, not to give the blessings of liberty, but to secure them; not to the half of ourselves and the half of our posterity, but to the whole people - women as well as men. - Susan B. Anthony

121
Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing or learning to do. - Pele
Your work is going to fill a large part of your life, and the only way to be truly satisfied is to do what you believe is great work. And the only way to do great work is to love what you do. If you haven't found it yet, keep looking. Don't settle. As with all matters of the heart, you'll know when you find it. - Steve Jobs
Success is the result of perfection, hard work, learning from failure, loyalty, and persistence. - Colin Powell
There are no secrets to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure. - Colin Powell
Stay positive and happy. Work hard and don't give up hope. Be open to criticism and keep learning. Surround yourself with happy, warm and genuine people. - Tena Desae
Learn to enjoy every minute of your life. Be happy now. Don't wait for something outside of yourself to make you happy in the future. Think how really precious is the time you have to spend, whether it's at work or with your family. Every minute should be enjoyed and savored. - Earl Nightingale
A dream doesn't become reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination and hard work. - Colin Powell
Leadership is not about a title or a designation. It's about impact, influence and inspiration. Impact involves getting results, influence is about spreading the passion you have for your work, and you have to inspire team-mates and customers. - Robin S. Sharma
Success isn't always about greatness. It's about consistency. Consistent hard work leads to success. Greatness will come. - Dwayne Johnson
Work hard for what you want because it won't come to you without a fight. You have to be strong and courageous and know that you can do anything you put your mind to. If somebody puts you down or criticizes you, just keep on believing in yourself and turn it into something positive. - Leah LaBelle
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. - Thomas A. Edison
Choose a job you love, and you will never have to work a day in your life. - Confucius
The road to success is not easy to navigate, but with hard work, drive and passion, it's possible to achieve the American dream. - Tommy Hilfiger
Work hard, stay positive, and get up early. It's the best part of the day. - George Allen, Sr.
Keep your dreams alive. Understand to achieve anything requires faith and belief in yourself, vision, hard work, determination, and dedication. Remember all things are possible for those who believe. - Gail Devers
The price of success is hard work, dedication to the job at hand, and the determination that whether we win or lose, we have applied the best of ourselves to the task at hand. - Vince Lombardi
Education must not simply teach work - it must teach Life. - W. E. B. Du Bois
Stay true to yourself, yet always be open to learn. Work hard, and never give up on your dreams, even when nobody else believes they can come true but you. These are not cliches but real tools you need no matter what you do in life to stay focused on your path. - Phillip Sweet
Individual commitment to a group effort - that is what makes a team work, a company work, a society work, a civilization work. - Vince Lombardi
A birthday is just another day where you go to work and people give you love. Age is just a state of mind, and you are as old as you think you are. You have to count your blessings and be happy. - Abhishek Bachchan
All successful people men and women are big dreamers. They imagine what their future could be, ideal in every respect, and then they work every day toward their distant vision, that goal or purpose. - Brian Tracy
Work like you don't need the money. Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like nobody's watching. - Satchel Paige
To be a champion, I think you have to see the big picture. It's not about winning and losing; it's about every day hard work and about thriving on a challenge. It's about embracing the pain that you'll experience at the end of a race and not being afraid. I think people think too hard and get afraid of a certain challenge. - Summer Sanders
Never stop fighting until you arrive at your destined place - that is, the unique you. Have an aim in life, continuously acquire knowledge, work hard, and have perseverance to realise the great life. - A. P. J. Abdul Kalam
It's all about quality of life and finding a happy balance between work and friends and family. - Philip Green
Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers. It may not be difficult to store up in the mind a vast quantity of facts within a comparatively short time, but the ability to form judgments requires the severe discipline of hard work and the tempering heat of experience and maturity. - Calvin Coolidge

